["7. (a) there are houses on both sides of theroad.(b) some vehicles are parked in the lot.(c) the grass is being trimmed at the moment.(d) the houses have been built next to each other.","3. a) a clerk at the counter is helping the customers.(b) people are waiting in line for their turn.(c) one of the men is paying for his food.(d) people are standing in front of the hotel.","4 (a) a man is standing at the front of theroom.(b) most of the people are seated at the meeting.(c) some people are concentrating on taking notes.(d) the tables are being set up in a meeting room.","6 (a) most of the people are looking in thesame direction.(b) one of the men is using a computer on his lap.(c) people are looking at some documents.(d) the laptop computers are being installed.","3. (a) they're taking a walk together.(b) one man is looking at the monitor.(c) two men are facing away from each other.(d) they are sitting across from each other.","5. (a) dishes have been set on the table.(b) the people have finished their meals.(c) they are waiting for their food to arrive.(d) all of the seats are occupied.","(a) a table has been set with dishes.(b) the shelves of a bookcase are empty.(c) some pictures have been placed on the floor.(d) a couch has been pushed to one side of the room.","(a) an instrument case is lying on the floor.(b) a bookcase is between two benches.(c) some shoes are being placed into boxes.(d) a rug is laid out in front of a window.","7. a. all of the seats are stacked up against thewallb. the tables are covered with tableclothsc. waiters are serving beverages to the customers* d. some people are seated across from each other at the table","8. (a) a driver is stepping out of the car.(b) the traffic sign is being taken down.(c) no cars are on the road today.(d) the vehicles are stopped at a traffic light.","(a) some folders are being collected from the people.(b) there are some documents under the table.(c) one of the men is gesturing to another man.(d) one of the women is giving a presentation.","(a) a meeting room is full of employees.(b) some flowers have been left on the table.(c) some chairs have been folded up.(d) a large plant is in the corner of the room.","(a) plants are sitting on a ledge.(b) the women are looking out a window.(c) one of the women is removing her glasses.(d) some pictures have been placed against a wall.","3. (a) the greenhouse is filled with plants.(b) some tables have been set up outdoors.(c) they are walking into the building.(d) the man and woman are making a purchase.","6. (a) a man is setting up a stand outdoors.(b) people are shopping at an outdoor market.(c) the market is ready to close for the day.(d) the umbrellas are being folded in half.","(a) streetlamps are being installed in a parking area.(b) cars are being driven across a bridge.(c) people have gathered near a building.(d) a bridge has been closed for construction work.","6. (a) the vehicles are being washed.(b) the traffic on the street is very heavy.(c) one of the cars is leaving the area.(d) cars are parked in the outdoor parking lot.","6. {a) many passengers are standing in line.(b) not all of the seats are occupied.(c) some people are trying to get off the bus.(d) some people are listening to a speaker.","10. (a) the boxes of goods are ready for delivery.(b) there are products for sale on the stand.(c) the items are being priced by the clerk.(d) the goods have been put into the boxes.","10. (a) the man is folding up the chairs.(b) most of the seats are unoccupied.(c) the man is setting up the stage for an event.(d) the chairs have been put out on the grass.","10. a. the waiter is setting up some chairs at eachtable* b. potted plants have been arranged along the border of the patioc. some customers are sharing a seat on a benchd. the tablecloths has been removed for the evening","10 (a) vehicles are parked in a row.(b) cars are moving into the parking lot.(c) some pickup trucks have stopped at the traffic light.(d) car engines are being inspected in the garage.","4. (a) there is a picture on the wall above thesofa.(b) a potted plant has been left on the floor.(c) some tropical fruits are being placed on the plate.(d) the table near the sofa is being moved away.","5. (a) there are pictures on display outside.(b) the women are shopping in a store.(c) the building is being painted.(d) the street is busy with cars today.","8. (a) dishes are being cleared from the table.(b) a meal is being put into containers.(c) a group has gathered in the restaurant for a meal.(d) some people are cooking food outdoors.","(a) a desk is covered with papers.(b) some chairs are stacked in a corner.(c) two computers are set up next to each other.(d) the office is being painted.","9. (a) a man is putting his suitcase onto thecarousel.(b) some people are standing next to their luggage.(c) people are waiting to board the plane.(d) everyone is looking at the monitor.","9. (a) cars are parked on both sides of theroad.(b) the ground is covered with leaves.(c) the trees are being planted along the road.(d) some people are getting out of a vehicle.","(a) the door of the aircraft is open.(b) an airport is crowded with people.(c) an airplane has taken off from the ground.(d) some passengers are getting off the plane.","1. (a) he is carrying a bag in his hand.(b) he is walking toward home.(c) he is talking to the people on the road.(d) he is looking for a place to sit.","5 (a) the people are boarding the train.(b) the passengers have arrived at the station.(c) there is a train on one side of the track.(d) a training session is in progress.","both of the women are wearing hard hats.(b) a woman is sitting on a street curb.(c) two women are giving orders to a crowd.(d) a woman is putting batteries in a radio.","4. (a) the store is about to close for the day.(b) the woman is reaching for an item.(c) the shoppers are lining up to enter the store.(d) the items are being hung on a display stand.","4 (a) some papers are scattered under the table.(b) the file folders are being placed on the desk.(c) most of the bookcases are empty.(d) the area is stocked with many office supplies.","2. (a) a woman is checking a thermometer.(b) some people are at the bus stop.(c) some travelers are lining up to take a taxi.(d) there is a number painted on the side of the bus.","(a) the boat is full of people.(b) the boat is tied at the dock.(c) some boats are passing each other on the water.(d) there are many cars next to the river.","(a) artwork is being taken off the wall.(b) a plant has fallen over on the floor.(c) a rug is lying in front of the door.(d) a package has been set in the hallway.","2. a) a patron is seated at a table outside.(b) the chairs have been placed on the tables.(c) the tables have been set for a meal.(d) the chairs are arranged around the tables.","10. (a) they are walking away from the plane.(b) some passengers are waving their hands.(c) people are lined up to board the plane.(d) the plane is about to land at the airport.","a. trees are growing under an archwayb. passengers are waiting to board of train*c. a high wall runs alongside the train tracksd. a train is about to go over a bridge.","4. (a) they are taking a break from their work.(b) a man is cutting down a tree.(c) the construction is almost completed.(d) one man is working with some tools.","9. (a) a worker is greeting customers.(b) stacks of baskets have been placed by the woman.(c) a woman has the strap of a bag in her hand.(d) people are putting fruit into the baskets.","one of the people is receiving a diploma.all the people are sitting in a row.a stage has been set up behind the people.all the students are shaking hands with oneanother.","8. (a) the men are moving some machinesout of the room.(b) the room is equipped with workout equipment.(c) the people are exercising together outside.(d) the lights in the room have been turned off.","the buildings have more than one story.(b) pedestrians are passing through a narrow walkway.(c) potted plants have been arranged on some steps.(d) the entrance of the street is under construction.","6. (a) a worker is loading cargo onto a plane.(b) people are seated on an airplane.(c) a set of stairs has been pushed up to a plane.(d) there are several airplanes at the terminal.","(a) chairs have been stacked in the corner of the room.(b) the silverware is being polished.(c) water is being poured into the glasses.(d) the table has been set for a meal.","10. (a) the street is nearly clear of traffic.(b) the cars are parked outdoors.(c) the traffic is busy in this area.(d) the people are lining up to take a taxi."," (a) they're smiling at each other.(b) one man is taking an item to a delivery truck.(c) they're unpacking the box together.(d) one man is signing a paper on a clipboard.","3. a. customers are lined up to pay for their booksb. the people are standing at a tablec. there are boxes stacked on the table*d. many books are on display","some customers are looking at a menu.(b) one of the men is carrying a laptop.(c) the server is standing by the table.(d) one of the women is clearing some dishes.","7. (a) the copy machine is out of order.(b) boxes are stacked on top of each other.(c) a man is stocking the boxes in the shelf.(d) the copier is being used in the room.","9. a. a man is installing a video camerab. a cabinet door has been left open*c. the people are watching some monitorsd. electronics are being sold in a store","(a) spectators have gathered along the street.(b) a sporting event is taking place in a stadium.(c) the road has been blocked by some tires.(d) riders are getting on their bicycles.","9 (a) books are sorted into different boxes.(b) one of the men is picking up a book from a rack.(c) some boxes are piled up in a cart.(d) people are standing in lines.","9. (a) framed pictures have been placed on the tables.(b) many pictures are being developed.(c) there are a lot of pictures posted on the wall.(d) a man is hanging pictures on the board.","8.*a. a model of a house has been set up on atableb. a woman is removing books from a shelf. c. some people are looking at a paintingd. shoppers are lining up at a cash register","8 (a) one man is handing a business card tothe other.(b) one of the men is folding his arms.(c) some people are wearing name tags.(d) a man is looking at the blueprint.","9. (a) small tables stand in front of thecounter.(b) some people are seated at a cafe.(c) there are many spaces to sit in.(d) some people are gathered around the counter.","2 (a) some people are waiting in line to checkin.(b) some people have stopped in front of the shop.(c) some people are browsing for bargains.(d) some people are paying by credit card.","7. (a) trees are planted on both sides of thestreet.(b) several bicycles are parked next to a tree.(c) cars are parked on one side of the road.(d) people are walking along the road.","2 (a) some people are attending a business lunch.(b) one of the women is drawing a picture.(c) both of the men are wearing glasses.(d) one of the people is dressed in a business suit.","(a) two men are racing their bicycles through the park.(b) some people are seated on the benches.(c) a man is feeding the birds by hand.(d) there's a grassy area beside the path.","10. (a) the patient is being looked after.(b) the dentist is putting on a mask.(c) one woman is getting up from the chair.(d) they are waiting at the dentist's office.","4. (a) some of the cars are being towedaway.(b) one of the cars is pulling into a garage.(c) some vehicles are waiting at a traffic light.(d) cars are parked along the street.","(a) the men are putting on headphones.(8) the men are getting up from their chairs.(c) the men are looking at a computer screen.(d) the men are moving some furniture.","8. (a) the grass is being trimmed at themoment.(b) the people are waiting next to the road.(c) they're seated at various places on the grass.(d) the park benches are lined along the water.","one of the women is pouring water into thesink.(b) some materials for an experiment are being purchased.(c) one of the women is dripping liquid into a container.(d) some lab coats have been placed in a laundry basket.","2 (a) two people are shaking hands.(b) a screen is being adjusted.(c) documents have been heaped on the chair.(d) one of the men is handing out some papers.","7 (a) vehicles have stopped at the crosswalk.(b) the road is being paved.(c) cars are moving in both directions.(d) traffic lights are out of order.","(a) a stage has been set up indoors.(b) some people are watching a performance.(c) people are waiting in line for tickets.(d) a concert hall is unoccupied.","8. (a) all the computer screens are turned on.(b) a man is using a computer at his desk.(c) the chair is neatly tucked under the desk.(d) there are monitors in the room.","6. (a) the shoes are being placed on theshelves.(b) the footwear is lined up on the floor.(c) some goods are on display at a store.(d) the customer is trying on a pair of shoes.","4. a) there are some pedestrians crossing the road.(b) there are trees on both sides of the road.(c) the road is jammed with traffic.(d) cars are parked on only one side of the road.","8 (a) some containers have been placed on thecounter.(b) kitchen appliances are being wrapped up.(c) packing materials have been put on display in a shop.(d) some boxes are stacked up in a moving truck.","6. (a) the parking lot is full.(b) they are standing near an open car door.(c) they are getting out of the vehicle.(d) the van is casting a shadow.","2. (a) one of the men is driving a vehicle.(b) they are looking at each other.(c) they are wearing hats.(d) one of the men is getting into the car.","(a) a ship is passing under the bridge.(b) water is flowing out of a pipe.(c) the bridge has many vehicles on it.(d) some people are standing on the bridge.","7. (a) the globe has been left on the floor.(b) one of the men is lifting up the globe.(c) the globe is being placed on the table.(d) one man has his hand on the globe.","9. (a) all the computers are turned off.(b) the computers are stacked on top of each other.(c) several people are working on the computers.(d) an engineer is working on a computer.","7. (a) they're putting a file in the cabinet.(b) they're sitting at a meeting table.(c) they're looking at the document.(d) they're taking out some papers from their bags.","3. (a) people are being guided to their room.(b) the hotel lobby is packed with people.(c) some guests are being helped in the lobby.(d) some people are entering through the door.","(a) some folders have been set on top of a briefcase.(b) the people are talking on telephones.(c) one of the men is unlocking a door.(d) one of the men is pointing at a document.","3 (a) empty cartons are placed on the ground.(b) the shelves are being rearranged.(c) some boxes have been stacked up on top of each other.(d) some chairs are being unloaded.","8. (a) they are having a discussion in aclassroom.(b) a man is resting his chin on his hand.(c) most of the seats are unoccupied.(d) some people are bending over the table.","9 (a) some packages have been set on the floor.(b) various envelopes are being sorted.(c) mail has been left in front of the door.(d) letters are being removed in a mailbox.","(a) the man is standing next to a bench.(b) flowers are being arranged in pots.(c) some people are walking through a doorway.(d) the man is handing the woman a camera.","10.*a. a work area has been roped offb. traffic cones are piled on top of one another c. there is a ladder leaning against the building d. the worker is closing the doors of the van.","(a) they're reading in a waiting room.(b) they're taking newspapers from a table.(c) the woman is watering a plant.(d) the man is hanging a picture on the wall.","8 (a) a man is packing a shipping cartonoutdoors.(b) the shelves are filled with books.(c) a man has a book open on his lap.(d) there is a box under the table.","the people are seated side by side.(b) some water is being poured into a glass.(c) some microscopes are in front of the people.(d) the man is gazing at the woman.","a. the man is taking some paper out of aprinterb. the man is putting a file in a drawerc. the woman is signing her name* d. the people are reviewing a document","(a) one woman is hanging a picture.(b) books are on the shelves.(c) some file drawers are open.(d) the women are seated at a desk.","5. (a) the bus is approaching the bus stop.(b) people are waiting at the railway station.(c) the bus has stopped for passengers to board.(d) people are getting off the bus.","7. (a) the cart is full of bags.(b) goods are being put in the shopping cart.(c) the vegetables are grouped together on the table.(d) there is a pile of boxes on the floor.","(a) signs are displayed on the cabinet doors.(b) some glasses have been left near the sink.(c) a coffee machine has been placed on the counter.(d) the containers have been filled with water.","5 (a) one of the men is gesturing as he talks.(b) an interview is taking place.(c) they are attending a banquet.(d) one side of the table is unoccupied.","3. (a) cars are going in both directions.(b) cars are parked under the bridge.(c) some people are waiting at the crosswalk.(d) the man is wandering around the road.","7. a. the man is throwing away some postersb. a picture is being hung on the wallc. the man is reaching down to pick up some tape* d. a railing has been placed along the street","5 (a) fresh fruit is being sold at a market.(b) chairs have been pushed under the table.(c) the dishes on the table are empty.(d) food is being arranged neatly on plates.","9 (a) one man is writing on the board.(b) people are listening to a speaker.(c) some people are using their laptops.(d) all of the people are seated.","1. (a) a sign is hanging on the post.(b) a woman is holding the strap of a bag.(c) they are walking down the street.(d) a woman is working outside.","8. (a) there are trains on every track.(b) some passengers are about to board the train.(c) some people are standing on the platform.(d) the subway station is crowded with commuters.","a wastebasket is being emptied.(b) some trash has been left on the floor.(c) a file cabinet is being unlocked.(d) some office supplies have been placed in a box.","7 (a) they are putting on their glasses.(b) one of the men is wearing a long\u00ac sleeved shirt.(c) they are having a conversation.(d) one of the men is sipping from a bottle.","5. (a) they're watching a parade.(b) a crowd is gathering around the boys.(c) one man is pointing at something in the distance.(d) they are about to take a seat near the bench.","4 (a) an intersection has been closed off.(b) some workers are painting lines on the road.(c) all the people are wearing raincoats.(d) pedestrians are using a crosswalk.","9. (a) he's loading the cartons onto a cart.(b) he is pushing a cart in front of him.(c) he is tying the boxes with a string.(d) he is delivering some items to a customer.","9. (a) one woman is entering data into acomputer.(b) the women are watching television.(c) they are working at the computers.(d) all of the computers are turned off.","7. (a) a playing field is illuminated by lights.(b) a group of people is sitting on the bench.(c) a sculpture has been placed by the sign.(d) all the chairs are empty.","4. a. the woman has left her seatb. the men are leaning across the table* c. there is a pair of sunglasses on the tabled. the woman is outting some flowers in a vase","light bulbs in the lampposts are beingchanged.(b) customers are using a dining area.(c) chairs are arranged in a circle.(d) tables have been set up along a railing.","6 (a) the man is sitting behind the wheel.(b) the doors have been left open.(c) the woman is getting into a car.(d) the car is being parked in the driveway.","a man is putting away some crutches.two people are looking at each other.a woman is monitoring a patient.they are entering an elevator.","one of the men is talking to the woman.(b) the men are wearing masks.(c) the woman is standing in front of the wall.(d) dental equipment is being installed.","9.*a. the taller ladder is propped up against thebuildingb. the man is putting away the ladderc. the window are closed because of the cold weatherd. the man is planting a flower garden in front of the house","one of the men is shutting a cabinet.(b) two men are shaking hands with each other.(c) both of the men are dressed in jackets.(d) one of the men has his hand in his pocket.","(a) the man and woman are checking their luggage.(b) the woman is writing on the board.(c) the woman is presenting a book to the man.(d) the man has a bag over his shoulder.","2. (a) a stack of paper has been set on atable.(b) a copier is being repaired by a technician.(c) he's holding a door open for a coworker.(d) he's positioning a sheet of paper on the glass.","(a) shelves have been stocked with books.(b) boxes are being set on the floor.(c) a woman is stepping onto a ladder.(d) a woman is posting a sign.","2. (a) he is looking at some pictures.(b) he is drawing a picture of some buildings.(c) he is using photographic equipment.(d) he is changing the film in his camera.","2. a) various goods are laid out for sale.(b) the orchard is full of fruit.(c) the fruits are being placed in bags.(d) the fruits have been piled in a truck.","5. (a) a purchase is being made.(b) the shopper is putting groceries in a plastic bag.(c) the woman is paying the cashier for the clothes.(d) there are some boxes under the counter.","8. a) the buildings are the same height.(b) there are buildings next to each other.(c) every building has a balcony.(d) some people are moving into the buildings.","6. (a) one man is putting down his backpack.(b) they have climbed to the top of the hill.(c) the trail leads down the mountain.(d) they're standing side by side.","6. (a) the audience is applauding the performance.(b) one man is looking at his reflection.(c) the men are standing on a stone.(d) the people are enjoying a game outdoors.","the people are greeting each other.(b) the woman is passing a pen to the man.(c) the man is making notes on a laptop.(d) the people are looking at the same document.","4. (a) they're parking their vehicle.(b) they're getting on a bus.(c) they're waiting for the traffic light tochange. \u2022(d) they're shopping at an outdoor market.","(a) a man is paying at the cash register.(b) drinks are lined up in a display case.(c) dishes are being cleared from the counter.(d) diners are ordering food at a restaurant.","6 (a) timber is being cut by a worker.(b) a vehicle has been parked under some trees.(c) tree trunks have been stacked on the ground.(d) logs have been placed on a truck.","7. (a) the desk is full of books.(b) balloons have been put on the wall.(c) items are sitting on the desk.(d) pens are lying on top of the chair.","(a) some cyclists are riding past a building.(b) some scaffolding has been erected against astone wall.(c) a woman is walking under an archway.(d) some bicycles have been parked along a railing.","10. (a) some cups are being removed from the table.(b) there are four chairs around the round table.(c) some lights have been turned on.(d) a display is being dismantled.","u (a) some pedestrians are crossing the road.(b) a woman is working at a building site.(c) some vehicles are parked near the building.(d) a balcony is attached to every apartment.","5. a) the man is standing at the rear of the vehicle.(b) all of the car doors are open.(c) the tires are being removed from the vehicle.(d) the man is loading a box on top of the vehicle.","(a) one of the women is giving a presentation.(b) one of the women is drinking coffee.(c) some books are packed in boxes.(d) some books are spread out on a counter.","9. (a) t-shirts are hanging in the closet.(b) the people are shopping at an indoor market.(c) sale items are displayed outside the store.(d) the people are stuffing some clothes into a bag.","(a) some merchandise has been hung outside ashop.(b) a variety of handbags has been arranged fordisplay.(c) one of the women is buttoning up her coat.(d) one of the women is carrying a package into abuilding.","(a) recording equipment is being moved onto a stage.(b) some women are practicing their instruments.(c) chairs are being arranged in a classroom.(d) one of the musicians is turning a page.","4. a. one of the women has a water bottle in herhand*b. one of the women has a briefcase on her lapc. the women are sitting next to each other on a sofad. the women are watching a presentation","10 (a) the parking lot is crowded with cars.(b) traffic is stopped at an intersection.(c) vehicles are lined up for sale.(d) the highway is divided into lanes.","8. (a) the vehicles have been left in a parkinglot.(b) each of the apartments has a balcony.(c) the road curves into the distance.(d) cars are parked along the street.","5. (a) each car is the same model.(b) cars are parked outdoors.(c) the road is jammed with traffic.(d) some of the cars are being shipped.","4. (a) the shelves are being stocked.(b) there are books on the floor.(c) some reading materials are on the shelves.(d) a man is booking tickets to a play.","3. (a) the telephone is being repaired.(b) the man is looking at the sign.(c) the phone booths are on the street corner.(d) the man is using a public phone.","(a) some planes are on the ground.(b) a plane is taking off from a runway.(c) some trucks are at an intersection.(d) a truck is coming out of a garage.","(a) a man is writing on a clipboard.(b) both of the men are talking on radios.(c) a man is rolling up some documents.(d) one of the men is wearing glasses.","2 (a) they are sitting together side by side.(b) a man has his arms folded.(c) a woman is tearing off a piece of paper.(d) they are facing each other.","8. (a) an apartment building is underconstruction.(b) there is a parking space full of cars.(c) a balcony is attached to each apartment.(d) there is a park in front of the building.","1. (a) a woman is standing behind thecounter.(b) a woman is checking information on the monitor.(c) both women are examining some art work.(d) both women are taking care of some paperwork.","the walkway in the plaza is being replaced.(b) umbrellas have been set up on the beach.(c) a crowd has gathered at an outdoor arena.(d) railings run along the exterior of the building.","(a) equipment is being fastened to the roof of a car.(b) the men are racing on an outdoor course.(c) tires have been stacked on the ground.(d) a bicyclist is wearing a helmet.","5. (a) the men are using a ladder to climb a cliff.(b) the cable has been rolled completely into a coil.(c) construction workers have closed off the road.(d) the electricians are working on the cables.","(a) a worker is unloading supplies from a truck.(b) a worker is driving past a warehouse entrance.(c) some tires have been piled onto a platform.(d) some materials are being transported on a forklift.","10.a. the tables in the restaurant are round* b. the chairs have been pushed in. c. the restaurant is full of dinersd. there's a window next to the door","9 (a) a tablecloth is being spread out on a table.(b) water is being poured into the glasses.(c) some utensils have been placed on a napkin.(d) a meal has been served to a diner.","(a) a man is folding a paper.(b) a woman is taking notes.(c) some people are being shown to their seats.(d) some people are looking out the window."," (a) a car is parked in the street.(b) diners are seated outdoors.(c) flags are hanging on the top of the building.(d) people are leaving the building.","(a) a dining tray has been placed on a counter.(b) decorative lamps have been fastened to theceiling.(c) a large painting has been hung over a desk.(d) armchairs are located on both sides of a fireplace.","1 o (a) a book has been left under a table.{b) some chairs are facing the swimmingpool.(c) a bottle of wine is being poured into glasses.(d) some sun umbrellas are stuck in the sand.","7. (a) the blinds are being closed.(b) there are four chairs around the table.(c) a hat has been put on the table.(d) a globe has been placed next to the vase.","(a) they're seated in a waiting area.(b) they're placing books on a table.<c) one of the wom en is moving a chair.(d) one of the women is watering a plant.","(a) drinking glasses have been placed on a rack.(b) boxes are being stacked on top of each other(c) bottles have been arranged on shelves.(d) containers are being filled from a machine.","10. (a) a man is walking by the bicycle.(b) people are choosing food from the showcase.(c) a parking space is full of cars.(d) a graphic design decorates the building roof.","10 (a) they are walking into the laboratory.(b) they have their lab coats on.(c) one man is looking through the telescope.(d) microscopes are being removed from a table.","9.*a. some chairs are lined up by the side of aswimming poolb. a tugboat is pulling a ship out to seac. umbrellas are sheltering people from the raind. leaves are being removed from the pool","(a) one of the men is writing on a document.(b) one of the men is checking his watch.(c) one of the men is looking in a drawer.(d) one of the men is passing out pens from a box.","(a) some people are watching a film.(b) some people are seated in a circle.(c) a man is speaking to a group of people.(d) a woman is raising her hand.","10. (a) cups have been placed on the table.(b) they're reading a book.(c) the table is being arranged.(d) a woman is studying for an exam.","(a) scaffolding has been erected next to an exteriorwall.(b) a worker is burying pipes in the ground.(c) steps have been constructed from stone blocks.(d) cement is being poured at a construction site.","7. (a) the street is closed to traffic.(b) some people are getting on a bus.(c) people are waiting to cross the street.(d) lines are being painted on the road.","10. (a) a waiter is taking orders from the customers.(b) the people are waiting to enter the cafe.(c) meals are being served to the patrons outside.(d) the people are sitting outdoors at a cafe.","5 (a) one of the men is welding a pipe.(b) the houses are under renovation.(c) the men are working on the wires.(d) some people are walking around the construction site.","u (a) the seat is occupied.(b) the book is placed right next to the chair.(c) the deck is being cleaned.(d) the flowers are in bloom around the building.","10. (a) the bus is letting off some passengers.(b) people are waving at the bus driver.(c) a man is wearing a backpack.(d) some people are waiting to board the train.","(a) one truck is transporting a load of bricks.(b) a brick wall surrounds a work area.(c) lines are being painted on a road.(d) construction vehicles are parked in a storagefacility.","2 (a) some customers are talking to a cashier.(b) a group of people is drinking from wine glasses.(c) a group of people is receiving their orders.(d) some women are gathered in front of a fireplace.","4. a) people are putting fruit in the baskets.(b) the people are making price tags.(c) the woman is looking at some fruit.(d) a customer has his arms folded.","3 (a) a man is holding a pen.(b) a monitor has been attached to the wall.(c) a woman is looking at a man.(d) some images are displayed on a screen.","10. (a) they are eating sandwiches at a table.(b) a waiter is taking an order.(c) there are chairs around the tables.(d) tables are being cleaned by waiters.","some people are standing side by side.(b) one of the men is pointing at a chart.(c) a presenter is showing a video.(d) some people are seated on the bench.","(a) a man is building a boat by the water.(b) a man is tying up a boat at the dock.(c) the boats have been caught in a storm.(d) the boats have been taken out on the water.","(a) people have gathered by a fountain.(b) people are strolling through an outdoor market.(c) some sacks are being unloaded from a truck.(d) workers are hanging out laundry to dry.","10. (a) a framed picture has been placed on the bed.(b) the bed is facing the window.(c) there are lamps on each side of the bed.(d) the bed is being made.","10. (a) the lamp has been placed by the chair.(b) both the beds have been made.(c) there's a picture above each bed.(d) there is a lamp between the beds.","the table has been covered with a cloth.(b) one of the chairs is unoccupied.(c) they're glancing out the window.(d) beverages are being served from a teapot.","5 (a) food is being put into the oven.(b) a table is being set up.(c) plates are stacked in the cupboard.(d) there is an assortment of food on the table.","10. (a) the roofs of the buildings are flat.(b) there are some cars between the buildings.(c) drivers are waiting for people to cross.(d) lines are being painted on the road.","(a) some paintings are being hung on the wall.(b) people are walking past some artwork.(c) lights are suspended from the ceiling.(d) a tour group has gathered at an aquarium.","1. (a) some lights are being turned off.(b) people are entering a electronics store.(c) a shopping center is crowded with people.(d) a clerk is putting clothes into a closet.","10. (a) tracks are being repaired.(b) passengers are standing on a platform.(c) a train has pulled into the station.(d) some people are walking down the ramp.","a crowd is watching a parade.(b) some people in uniforms are standing in a row.(c) road signs are being examined.(d) a group of performers has gathered before an audience.","(a) some carts have been collected under an awning.(b) a passenger is emerging from a vehicle.(c) shopping bags litter a vacant parking lot.(d) shoppers are loading their purchases into a car.","the man is passing an object to thewoman.the woman is tapping on a car window.the man is getting into a vehicle.the woman is waiting for a parking spot.","9. (a) some people are hanging a picture on the wall.(b) some people are gazing at a bulletin board.(c) some people are taking a painting out of the frame.(d) some people are folding a piece of paper.","(a) one man is leaning on a podium.(b) one man is writing in a notebook.(c) one man is taking a map down from the wall.(d) one man is near the corner of the room.","7. (a) bottles are scattered across the sand.(b) people are taking off their shoes.(c) the umbrella has been left on the beach.(d) the man is holding a bottle.","(a) an instrument has been left on a piano.(8) the floor is partially covered by a rug.(c) a music stand is being adjusted.(d) a stage is being prepared for a concert.","a woman is passing a pair of scissors to aman.(b) a man is hanging a mirror in a hair salon.(c) some people are having their hair cut.(d) a worker is showing the customers to their seats.","2 (a) a man is opening a briefcase.(b) one of the men is entering a plane.(c) they're greeting one another.(d) they're going on vacation together.","3. (a) some passengers are getting on the buses.(b) the buses are parked next to each other.(c) vehicles are waiting at the crossing.(d) the buses are passing through the countryside.","6. (a) most of the shelves are empty.(b) the shelves are filled with books.(c) some books have been piled on the floor.(d) a librarian is putting away books.","the woman is leaving the meeting room.(b) the man is holding a pen in one hand.(c) the woman is sipping coffee from a cup.(d) the man is pointing at a chart.","9. (a) some pedestrians are waiting at the  crosswalk. (b) cars are waiting at a traffic light. (c) people are walking across the street. (d) stripes on the road are being repainted.","6. (a) the clerks are standing behind the frontdesk.(b) they're walking around the hotel lobby.(c) the lamps are being placed on the table.(d) the guests are packing their luggage.","7 (a) lines are being painted on the street.(b) flags are hanging from some poles.(c) trees are being planted along a road.(d) vehicles are stopped at an intersection","2. (a) they're closing the window blinds.(b) they're working in an office building.(c) they're looking for some documents.(d) they're standing in the lobby.","5.*a. a woman's showing a man something onthe screenb. a woman's pointing at a cup on the deskc. a man's inserting some paper into the printerd. some people are moving a computer to the desk","5 (a) some footwear has been placed on thefloor.(b) formal dresses are being gathered together.(c) high-heeled shoes are being polished.(d) clothing is on display in a store window.","(a) a man is on a platform in front of an audience.(b) a performer is climbing the steps onto a stage.(c) some people are lined up on a staircase.(d) a worker is hammering wooden boards onto aroof.","(a) the chairs are folded against the wall.(b) the audience is sitting down.(c) the chairs have been arranged in rows.(d) the presentation has begun.","(a) items have been placed in a shopping cart.(b) some vegetables are on display in a store.(c) ceiling lights are being installed.(d) flowers are being planted in pots.","vendors are setting up their booths.(b) customers are shopping at a department store.(c) some canopies are shading the markets stalls.(d) goods are being unloaded from a truck.","(a) a woman is opening an umbrella.(b) customers are shopping in an open-air market.(c) a vendor is reaching into a display case.(d) some people are bicycling through a market.","2. (a) people are walking up some steps.(b) an entry way is blocked with rocks. (c) a man is pointing at the backpack.(d) flowers are in bloom around the stairs.","6. (a) he is opening a door.(b) he has some boxes in his hands.(c) he is stacking boxes in the warehouse.(d) he is taking some fruits out of the box.","9 (a) a man is resting his arms on the counter.(8) an airplane is ready to depart.(c) a form of id is being scanned.(d) a woman is handing over some luggage.","7 (a) the restaurant is full of diners.(b) candles are placed on all of the tables.(c) several seats are unoccupied.(d) a waiter is taking an order.","8 (a) the bed is being made.(b) various items are spread out on the table.(c) there is a lamp on either side of the bed.(d) a canopy is placed above the bed.","9 (a) two people are doing exercise.(b) they are both wearing gloves.(c) a mover is carrying some furniture.(d) a woman is moving a small box.","6. (a) there is a lamppost next to the road.(b) people are jogging along the road.(c) trees are being planted near the house.(d) the road is under construction.","2. (a) the children are washing a car.(b) several people are getting into a vehicle.(c) some tools have been piled up behind a vehicle.(d) the children are leaning against a car.","(a) a presentation is being made.(b) they're painting the walls.(c) one man is holding the back of a chair.(d) cabinets are being installed.","9. (a) they are being introduced to oneanother.(b) the woman is receiving a sales award.(c) the people are performing on stage.(d) they are shaking hands with each other.","9 (a) umbrellas are being opened.(b) many stools have been placed on the beach.(c) a couple of parasols are open.(d) there are some plates on the table.","(a) various objects have been placed on the furniture.(b) broken pots have been left on the floor.(c) some pottery has been packed into containers.(d) some vases have been filled with flowers.","6 (a) people are boarding some boats.(b) buildings have been constructed along a street.(c) small boats are lined up in rows.(d) the waterway flows under a bridge.","(a) a girl is resting her arm on one man'sshoulder.(b) one of the men is making a drawing.(c) a blueprint is being removed from the wall.the woman is taking paper from a printer.","8. (a) the clothing has drawn a woman'sattention.(b) the store is about to close up for the day.(c) some clothes are displayed on racks.(d) the rack is being dusted.","10 (a) one woman is pointing at a vehicle.(b) two people are holding hands.(c) one woman is hanging up a sign.(d) two people are standing side by side.","(a) a street has been closed to pedestrians.(b) some people are walking outdoors.(c) a man is riding a motorcycle.(d) the pavement is being repaired.","7. (a) a bridge extends into a building.(b) the building entrance is blocked by stones.(c) an archway has been built over the bridge.(d) there is traffic on the bridge today.","(a) some suitcases are being loaded onto a bus.(b) some people are crossing an intersection.(c) some buses are parked in a garage.(d) some people are lined up at the side of a road.","8. (a) the men are lifting some cartons.(b) one man is loading a box into a cart.(c) the men are moving something together.(d) the men are stacking items onto a wheel barrow.","6 (a) the building is being renovated.(b) a woman is leaning against a tree.(c) some vehicles are casting shadows on the ground.(d) the parking lot is currently full.","4. (a) a woman is walking while talking on thephone.(b) some notices are being posted on the bulletin board.(c) a crowd has gathered in the plaza.(d) they are wearing backpacks.","6. a. a cart is being wheeled across the room* b. some stools have been placed upside downc. a television is attached to the walld. some chairs are arranged in a circle","(a) a meeting is taking place outdoors.(b) some documents are being filed.(c) they're seated across from each other.(d) they're reviewing some drawings.","4. (a) they are about to sit on the bench.(b) they are waiting for a friend.(c) they are moving the bench to the shade.(d) they are seated next to each other.","5. (a) the people are seated on the benches.(b) some people are waiting for the bus.(c) the cars have stopped at the lights.(d) they are building wooden benches.","(a) a woman is reaching for a pen.(b) a woman is wiping off a counter.(c) some people are standing in line.(d) some documents are being printed out.","4. (a) all of the car doors are open.(b) the front of the car is in good condition.(c) the wheels of the car are broken.(d) the car is broken down on the side of the road.","lights are suspended from the ceiling.(b) people are entering the building.(c) a corridor has been closed to the public.(d) travelers are seated in a waiting area.","5. (a) the woman is carrying her kids into a building.(b) the woman is giving some food to her kids.(c) the woman is pushing a stroller.(d) the kids are seated in a car.","9. (a) the man is looking into the file cabinet.(b) the office equipment is being removed.(c) the man is opening the drawers.(d) the door of the room is open.","3. (a) a woman is sitting near the low wall.(b) there is a boat on the water.(c) some people are standing on the deck.(d) some people are strolling along the river.","3. (a) a tree is between the cars.(b) a man is leaning against the railing.(c) a man is holding the car door open.(d) there is heavy traffic on the street.","(a) some men are packing up their instruments.(b) musicians are giving a performance outdoors.(c) pedestrians have lined up for a show.(d) guitars are being stored in a display case.","one of the women is opening a notepad.(b) one of the men is passing out some documents.(c) one of the women is resting her arms on the table.(d) one of the men is pouring coffee into cups.","2. a. the bicycles are lying on the groundb. the people are driving their cars down the road* c. the bicycles are parked in front of the buildingsd. the people are riding their bicycles along the street","4. (a) the couple is crossing the street.(b) the road is closed to traffic.(c) a tree has fallen onto the road.(d) some cars are parked along the road.","4. (a) he is pushing a cart in front of him.(b) he is pulling his car up to the gate.(c) he is wheeling a bag behind him.(d) he is picking up his suitcase.","u (a) a car door has been left open.(b) a vehicle is entering the garage.(c) a bike is mounted on the roof of the car.(d) a van is being pulled over to the curb.","5. (a) there is a lone walker on the beach.(b) the couple has just walked past the cafe.(c) they are walking side by side.(d) they are holding onto a basket.","10 (a) paint is being applied to the wall.(b) one of the men is using a shovel.(c) scaffolding has been set up.(d) a ladder is propped up against the house.","5. (a) they are writing letters.(b) the woman is holding a phone.(c) both people have sunglasses.(d) the man is talking on the telephone.","7. a. the woman is unplugging an applianceb. some dishes are being placed in a cabinet*c. the woman is emptying out the contents of a cupd. the kitchen plumbing is being repaired","9. (a) people are walking past the bench.(b) a man is carrying a bag.(c) the path leads down through the woods.(d) some people are working on the road.","6 (a) the entire floor is covered with thecarpet.(b) they are weaving the rug together.(c) one of the men is rolling up his sleeve.(d) some people are admiring the artwork in the gallery.","7. (a) people are walking side by side.(b) the railing runs above the top of the wall.(c) people are passing under the bridge.(d) a flag is hanging in an archway.","9. (a) the steps lead down to the street.(b) the railing is being repaired.(c) some people are walking on the stairs.(d) they are stepping into the building.","(a) a woman is pointing at her computer monitor.(b) a man is leaning on a counter.(c) a desk is being assembled.(d) some drawers have been left open.","(a) diners are feeding some seagulls.(b) they're pulling their chairs up to the table.(c) some people are eating near the water.(d) some food is being brought to the diners.","(a) the women are assembling a desk.(b) a woman is writing in a notebook.(c) some books are spread out on the floor.(d) a customer is paying for some merchandise.","10. (a) the steps lead down to the road below.(b) the people are sitting on the stairs.(c) all of the people are wearing hats.(d) the men are writing a letter to their friends.","3 (a) a potted plant is located on the floor.(b) an outdoor railing is being painted.(c) flowers have been placed in a container.(d) bushes are being trimmed in a garden.","10 (a) a large metal box is being lowered onto a truck.(b) some heavy machinery is being cleaned by a worker.(c) a cruise ship is entering a port.(d) a container has been marked with paint.","9 (a) they are gathered around the table.(b) one of the men is turning the pages.(c) there are many binders on the table.(d) they are staring at the screen.","2. (a) some jackets are being placed in apaper bag.(b) some jackets are hanging from a hook in a store.(c) the woman is hanging up jackets in a closet.(d) the woman is paying the cashier for some jackets.","a. customers are waiting to be seatedb. cars are parked along the streetc. a restaurant worker is sweeping the sidewalk*d. diners are sitting in an outdoor caf\u00e9","4 (a) the desk is crowded with many differentitems.(b) many books are being arranged in a bookcase.(c) some papers are spread on the couch.(d) the table is being cleaned up.","buttons are being pressed on a device.(b) a screen is being installed on the equipment.(c) a credit card is being inserted into a machine.(d) an id card is being presented to a clerk.","(a) some people are riding bikes on a brick road.(b) some bikes are leaning against a wall.(c) some bikes are parked in a long row.(d) some people are looking at bikes in a shop.","(a) researchers have entered a library.(b) laboratory coats are hanging in a cabinet.(c) technicians are gathered around a screen.(d) scientific equipment has been set on a counter.","6 (a) a vehicle has been raised off the ground.(b) a tire is being replaced.(c) a mechanic is speaking to a customer.(d) a car has been parked along the curb.","4. (a) the bags are being stacked on the shelves.(b) a customer is paying for a purchase.(c) many bags are displayed for sale.(d) the store is closed for business.","(a) the lamp on the nightstand has been turnedoff.(b) the sheets on the bed are being changed.(c) some flowers have been placed in a vase.(d) food is being carried on a wooden tray.","4. (a) fruits are sorted into baskets.(b) baked goods are on display.(c) the woman is ready to pay the cashier.(d) an employee is serving the customer.","3 (a) the restaurant is crowded with diners.(8) chairs have been stacked on top of eachother.(c) fabric is being draped over the tables.{d) shadows are being cast on the pavement.","(a) the office is stocked with supplies.(b) someone is working at the computer.(c) supplies are being unloaded in the warehouse.(d) the shelves in the office are empty.","8 (a) the tables are covered with cloths.(b) an archway is decorated with lights.(c) some chairs are being stored in a closet.(d) some dishes are ready to be washed.","8. (a) there are trees surrounding the park.(b) the benches are arranged in a circle.(c) the grass is being trimmed at the moment.(d) the pathway leads out onto the street.","3 (a) a microphone has been set up on astage.(b) some equipment has been arranged in a studio.(c) a man is turning up the volume.(d) a seat is being adjusted.","cyclists are riding along the sidewalk.(b) two bicycles have been parked outdoors.(c) a bike rack is situated near an entrance.(d) a bicycle wheel has become unattached.","8 (a) two women are picking up some leaves.(8) a woman is holding her dog in her arms.{c) two women are walking their pets.(d) a woman is wearing glasses.","5 (a) a man has been placed on a bed.(b) they are brushing their teeth.(c) a patient is closing her eyes.(d) the workers are wearing masks.","(a) a man is walking toward a plane.(b) a stairway is being moved away from the plane.(c) a plane is taking off from an airport.(d) a trailer is being driven past a plane","some hoses are being attached to a machine.(b) both of the people are taking notes.(c) some devices are being disassembled.(d) both of the people have put on hard hats.","1 (a) a woman is walking down the stairs.(b) the street is covered with leaves.(c) the lampposts are standing in a row.(d) some people are leaning against the railing.","6. (a) the lobby is being renovated.(b) the women are standing across from each other.(c) they are leaving the hotel lobby.(d) they are shaking hands.","6. (a) a man is closing the door.(b) people are walking through the gate.(c) the door is wide open.(d) the building is under construction.","9 (a) luggage has been left on the sidewalk.(b) one person is exiting the taxi.(c) she's loading some bags into the trunk.(d) some suitcases are being packed.","2 (a) the people are walking along the dock.(b) one of the men is grabbing the side of the boat.(c) people are paddling the boat with oars.(d) one of the women is seated inside the boat.","5. (a) a sailboat is floating near the dock.(b) the man is looking at something in his hand.(c) the woman is taking a photograph.(d) the man is posing for a picture.","a light is being turned on.gloves are being distributed to workers.some equipment is being operated.boxes are being moved into a building.","8. a. some wires are coiled on the groundb. goods are being transported through a forestc. trucks have been parked inside a warehouse*d. the vehicles are facing in the same direction","8. (a) scooters are parked along the side of the road.(b) a motorcyclist is waiting at the curb.(c) a truck is parked next to the motorcycles.(d) people are browsing at the displays.","8. (a) they are preparing some food.(b) a woman is choosing something to eat.(c) they are having a meal together.(d) the food is being served.","10. (a) the tires have been taken off the car.(b) a car has been completely dismantled.(c) the men are looking for their hammers.(d) the men are inspecting the engine of the vehicle.","7. (a) the shelves are being stocked with merchandise.(b) the shelves are filled with various kinds of goods.(c) the floor of the store is tiled.(d) the plates are arranged by their sizes.","one of the men is pointing at a toolbox.(b) both of the men are using tools.(c) one man is handing a screw to another.(d) one man is bending over under the hood.","9.a. the man is building a brick wallb. the man is taking off his cap*c. some weeds are growing next to a walld. some trees are being planted in pots","8 (a) some cases are being unloaded in a shop.(b) some instruments have been placed on stands.(c) some guitars are being tuned by musicians.(d) some speakers have been set up on a stage","8 (a) a folding chair is covered with a cushion.(b) a window is being opened.(c) there's a large plant in a pot.(d) there's a poster hanging on the wall.","(a) they're working together at a desk.(b) they're helping each other move a computer.(c) they're hanging decorations.(d) they're arranging some furniture in a room.","a. a man is unloading some packagesb. a man is resting in a shopping mall* c. boxes have been piled onto some cartsd. items are being arranged in a store","3. (a) they're putting on their hard hats.(b) they're loading dirt onto the truck.(c) they're standing at a construction site.(d) they're stopping the flow of the traffic.","2. (a) the woman is gesturing with her hands.(b) the woman is being interviewed.(c) the microscope is being repaired.(d) the laptop computer has been placed on the table.","(a) the woman is working on a painting.(b) the woman is viewing art in a museum.(c) the woman is buying a picture.(d) the woman and man are discussing some artwork.","10. (a) a portable staircase has been brought up to the door.(b) an airplane is touching down on the airstrip.(c) a plane is on the ground.{\u25a1) a plane is taking off.","4. (a) the door of the subway train is closing.(b) passengers are seated on the train.(c) the train conductor is collecting tickets from the passengers.(d) the train is traveling through the countryside.","5. (a) the man is unloading the boxes.(b) some boxes are stacked near the man.(c) the cartons are being arranged indoors.(d) the top row of boxes is out of the man's reach.","10. (a) two women are sitting at the dock.(b) the boat is being tied to the pier.(c) they are rowing the boat toward the ship.(d) the boat is floating in the water.","7 (a) a woman is looking at the floor.{b) a woman is pushing a shopping cart.(c) a woman is walking past the counter.(d) a woman is placing some items in a basket.","9. (a) there are lampposts on both sides of the road.(b) the street is deserted.(c) the road is being paved.(d) some people are going across the street.","8. (a) some people are standing in the boat.(b) the house is reflected on the water.(c) there is a tree in the middle of the pond.(d) people are racing their boats.","10 (a) trash cans have been left on the street.(b) a truck is clearing the roadway.(c) a van has been parked by a tree.(d) children are playing in the snow.","4 (a) tables are being assembled.(b) the wall is lined with windows.(c) students are looking for their seats.(d) people are exiting the library.","8. (a) they're walking back to their houses.(b) they're headed in the same direction.(c) they're standing around in the square(d) they're looking for a place to sit.","9. (a) all the cords are hanging on the wall.(b) lots of cords are plugged in.(c) a man is taking out some cords.(d) the cords are lying on the floor.","4. (a) the flags are being taken down.(b) the audience is leaving the lecture hall.(c) all of the seats are occupied.(d) the woman is addressing the audience.","6. a. pedestrians are crossing the street*b. some vehicles are stopped in trafficc. goods are being unloaded from a truckd. some people are getting off their motorbikes","5. (a) there are cars on the road.(b) traffic is moving in both directions.(c) the pedestrians are crossing the road.(d) the cars are parked on the side of the road.","2. (a) corn is growing in the garden.(b) a purchase is being made.(c) they're eating at a table.(d) people are getting fruit from the box.","9. (a) he's looking out at the scenery.(b) he's hanging a picture on the wall.(c) he's admiring a painting on the wall.(d) he's walking around an art gallery.","(a) she's alone in the art gallery.(b) she's holding a large pile of books.(c) she's looking up at a painting.(d) she's taking a photograph of some artwork.","2. (a) the hood of the car is open.(b) the man is putting a label on the carton.(c) the door of the van has been left open. <d) the man is driving the vehicle.","6 (a) a woman is typing on a computer.(b) the photocopier is standing against a wall.(c) a woman is holding some paper.(d) some wires are connected to the machine.","7. (a) there is heavy machinery on the road.(b) the road is being paved at the moment.(c) a tractor is parked in the field.(d) the office building is being demolished.","3. (a) people are waiting to board the bus.(b) some people are sitting on the railing.(c) there is a lamppost beside the tram.(d) a tram is pulled up near the curb.","some equipment is in operation.(b) a construction sign is being posted.(c) some machinery has been left unattended.(d) stones are being removed from a building site.","8 (a) the men are giving a presentation to anaudience.(b) one of the men is writing on a whiteboard(c) the men are distributing books in a classroom.(d) one of the men is handing a marker to the other.","6. (a) people are pushing cars down the road.(b) cars are parked in a line.(c) traffic is moving into the intersection.(d) pedestrians are walking down the sidewalk in groups.","(a) a sitting area is illuminated by floor lamps.(b) refreshments have been left on a table.(c) the armchairs are facing the paintings.(d) some carpeting is being measured forinstallation.","some boats have been left in a harbor.(b) a mountain overlooks a city.(c) a bridge extends over the water.(d) passengers are boarding a ship.","1. (a) she is doing the dishes.(b) she is cleaning the kitchen counter.(c) she is preparing a dish for her family.(d) she is looking out the window.","4. (a) the man is finishing his meal.(b) the customer is waiting for a table.(c) the waiter is setting the table.(d) the woman is looking at the menu.","3 (a) a man is pointing into the distance.(b) they are wearing hats.(c) they are having a meeting in an office.(d) a man is standing beside the woman.","2. (a) neither of the phones is being used.(b) the two phones are different in size from each other.(c) the telephones are being repaired.(d) each telephone is in a separate booth.","1. (a) the clock face is round.(b) some people are walking side by side.(c) there are several cars at the intersection.(d) a man is leaning against the railing.","7 (a) tea is being poured into a cup.(b) some napkins are lying on the plates.(c) sandwiches are being prepared on a countertop.(0) some food has been left on a table.","they're looking at a screen.(b) they're standing by a door.(c) they're putting a laptop into a case.(d) they're exiting the meeting room.","(a) the women are unpacking monitors.(b) some people are lining up chairs.(c) a man is waiting at a counter.(d) a customer is reaching for some merchandise.","6 (a) one of the men is standing by a doorway.(b) a woman and a man are shaking hands.(c) images are reflected in the surface of the table.(d) one of the men is distributing some papers.","6. (a) the flight is about to depart.(b) the flight crew is boarding the plane.(c) the plane landed a short while ago.(d) the passengers are walking down the aisle.","(a) a woman is pushing a shopping cart.(b) customers are approaching a cash register.(c) a man is paying for a purchase.(d) a man is selecting an item from a display.","1 (a) the cars are crossing over a river. (b) a roadway is congested with vehicles. (c) a highway has been closed for construction. (d) a lane has been blocked by a fallen branch.","8 (a) the man is measuring his height with aruler.(b) the man's back is turned to the window.(c) the woman is assisting the man.(d) the woman is trying on some clothing.","1. (a) an alleyway is being paved with bricks.(b) there are no cars on the road.(c) there are blooming plants by the road.(d) there's a man with a broom on the driveway.","a. a sign is hanging above some artworkb. plants are arranged on a stairway* c. a round table is surrounded by chairsd. an area rug has been rolled up","4 (a) a man is wearing an apron.(b) one of the women is placing pots on the floor.(c) one of the women is pointing at a poster.(d) both women are looking at the man.","10. (a) they're reviewing some books.(b) a woman is opening the door behind her.(c) they're preparing for a presentation.(d) the group is focusing on the monitor.","6 (a) a man is trying on a pair of shoes.(b) a variety of shoes are on display.(c) some shoes are being polished.(d) some shoes are being moved onto the shelf.","7. (a) the man is repairing the car door.(b) the man is looking under the hood of the car.(c) the man is parking the vehicle on the road.(d) the man is taking the engine out of the car.","10. (a) paint is being applied to the wall. (b) the workers are standing on ladders.(c) the people are working in the factory. (d) some people are mowing the lawn.","2 (a) they are strolling along a river.(b) they are walking in the same direction.(c) some campers are setting up tents.(d) a road is being paved with gravel.","3. (a) she is pointing to a guidebook.(b) she is inserting coins into the machine.(c) she is holding a book in her hand.(d) she is taking an order.","10. (a) a lamp is on each table.(b) books have been left on a chair.(c) the desks are being organized.(d) documents are being handed out.","10. (a) the woman is using a computer on her lap.(b) they are looking in the same direction.(c) they are involved in a discussion.(d) the woman is resting at the bottom of the steps.","7. (a) they're walking down the hallway.(b) the floor is being tiled.(c) some lights are being turning on.(d) a row of lights is hanging from the ceiling.","9 (a) a floor is being illuminated by an electriclight.(b) the cables are hanging from the ceiling.(c) light is streaming in through the window.(d) the room is being cleaned.","6 (a) the woman is pointing at a document.(b) the man is leaving a construction site.(c) the woman is rolling up the paper.(d) the people are piling up some lumber.","3 (a) a plane is touching down on a runway.(b) some service vehicles are gathered near the airplane.(c) some passengers are disembarking from the aircraft.(d) the airstrip is being cleared by the service crew.","6. (a) they're standing in a long line.(b) they're purchasing train tickets.(c) they're across from a busy street.(d) they're near the edge of a platform.","3. a) the worker is preparing to dig the earth.(b) there are a lot of leaves on the road.(c) the road is being resurfaced.(d) the man is driving the truck down the hill.","one of the women is pouring a beverage intocups.the two men are seated across from eachother.one of the women is printing a chart.some people are watching a presentation.","7 (a) one of the women is pouring some water.(b) two people are seated outdoors.(c) a man is drinking a beverage.(d) a waitress is bringing some food.","8 (a) some pillows are stacked on a table.(b) a tray has been set on the bed.(c) a cup is being filled with coffee.(d) some bread is being placed on a plate.","2. (a) a woman is waiting for her friend.(b) a woman is arranging some flowers.(c) a woman is relaxing on the sofa.(d) one of the seats is available.","snow is being cleared from the roof.(b) some lights have been placed on the ground.(c) trees are lining the busy street.(d) a snow plow is being operated.","3. (a) he is calling from a public phone.(b) he is looking at a telephone directory.(c) he is standing in the hallway.(d) the telephone is being repaired.","7. (a) some people are resting on the grass.. (b) the child is drawing a picture outdoors.(c) the child is looking at paintings in a museum.(d) the child is watching an artist at work.","2. (a) there is heavy traffic on the road.(b) the street is deserted.(c) pedestrians are standing near the curb.(d) cars are parked at the intersection.","6. a. they're setting the table for a meal*b. they're concentrating on some documentsc. they're taking off their glassesd. they're taking their seats for a meeting","u (a)  a woman is leaning against the door.(b) some railing is being set up.(c) there is some shrubbery near the balcony.(d) the blinds are being drawn over the windows.","4 (a) two people are seated across from oneanother.(b) one man is drawing on a chart.(c) the men are exchanging some paperwork.(d) one man is erasing a whiteboard.","6 (a) the suspension bridge has been builtover the water.(b) a bridge spans the stream.(c) railing is being installed along the bridge.(d) people are walking toward an archway.","4. a) they're exchanging a document.(b) the man is adjusting his tie.(c) they are having a conversation.(d) the woman is leaning on the counter.","(a) some customers are leaving a shop.(b) a seating area is decorated with plants.(c) a worker is repairing some light fixtures.(d) a bench is being moved into a corner.","6 (a) some sun loungers have been laid on thesand.(8) a boat is being rowed on the ocean.(c) some rocks are situated in the water.(d) the beach is located near a forest.","luggage is being loaded into a van.(b) a man is holding some paperwork in one hand.(c) a vehicle is transporting some boxes.(d) a man is reaching for a hard hat.","(a) vehicles are passing over a bridge.(b) there's a walkway above a street.(c) passengers are stepping off a bus.(d) some cars are parked in a garage.","9. (a) there is nobody swimming in the pool.(b) some people are sunbathing beside the swimming pool.(c) the trees have lost all their leaves.(d) the house is reflected in the water.","(a) they're waiting in a line.(b) they're removing items from their bags.(c) they're turning on the lights.(d) they're looking at each other.","the men are sorting some building materials.(b) one of the men is holding a steering wheel.(c) one of the men is pointing to himself.(d) the men are riding to a construction site.","8. (a) people are crossing the street.(b) the cars are stuck in traffic.(c) the traffic is moving in both directions.(d) there are arrows painted on the road.","(a) a band is filing off a stage.(b) people are performing under a tent.(c) an audience is clapping for some musicians.(d) women are singing next to a piano.","8. a. the bed has not been made todayb. the curtains have been closed* c. there's a picture hanging on the walld. there's a lamp at the foot of the bed","(a) fields are being plowed alongside a road.(b) bouquets of flowers have been placed by a statue.(c) a public monument overlooks a walkway.(d) a busy street winds through a garden.","(a) a sculpture is on display outside.(b) a man is running up a ramp.(c) a wall has been covered in advertisements.(d) a lamppost is being installed.","6. (a) a man is hanging up some masks.(b) products have been displayed.(c) shelves are being stocked.(d) a man is looking at merchandise.","2. (a) the women are talking to each other.(b) the women are checking the map.(c) the women are shopping in the supermarket.(d) one of the women is mopping the floor.","5. (a) the people are strolling on the sidewalk.(b) the people are crossing the street.(c) commuters are waiting for the bus.(d) they are waiting for the traffic light to change.","5. a. the traffic is moving through the cityb. the vehicles are entering the tunnel* c. the buses are parked in a rowd. the buildings have no windows","6. ,a) the road through the forest has been paved.(b) there are tracks in the field.(c) people are farming in the field.(d) farm machines are parked near a building.","9 (a) a man is wearing glasses.(b) crates are being unloaded from a forklift.(c) visitors are entering a warehouse.(d) a crew is unpacking goods from some boxes.","8. a. the furniture is being rearrangedb. the carpet has been rolled up in the cornerc. some pillows are stacked beside a bed*d. bedding has been folded and placed on a mattress","he's bending over to pick up a pen.(b) he's writing on a whiteboard.(c) he's sitting at a desk.(d) he's using his cell phone.","2. (a) the walls in the room are bare.(b) lamps are hanging from the ceiling.(c) seat cushions have been positioned on the chairs.(d) the bed is between the lamps.","3. a. the man is writing in a notebookb. the women are handing out papers* c. the people are facing a boardd. a group is entering an office","the man is adjusting some equipment.(b) the woman is holding a clipboard.(c) they're standing by a door.(d) they're wearing protective glasses.","8 (a) a phone is off the hook.(b) a calendar has been put on the shelf.(c) a computer has been turned on.(d) a keyboard is being placed on the table.","5 (a) people are waiting for their friends.(b) people are greeting each other.(c) clothes are hung up against the wall.(d) the signs are being posted on the windows.","one of the men is buttoning his jacket.(b) a guest is checking in at a hotel.(c) one of the men is handing over some baggage.(d) a suitcase is being unpacked.","one of the men is folding some papers.(b) one of the women is holding a notepad.(c) people are leaving a meeting room.(d) some physicians are examining a patient.","10 (a) people have been soaked in the rain.(b) two children are playing in a forest.(c) some people are running toward a cabin.(d) hikers are walking on a stone pathway.","8. (a) the people are leaving the park.(b) the railing is surrounded by grassy area.(c) flowers are being arranged.(d) some people are in a park.","1 (a) the woman is holding some documents.(b) the woman is opening a laptop.(c) the woman is putting paper into a folder.(d) the woman is leaving the office.","(a) they're stopped in front of an outdoor shop.(b) they're looking through the store windows.(c) they're taking a class.(d) they're unloading the sunglasses.","(a) some people are packing their suitcases(b) some people are walking along a street.(c) some people are boarding an airplane.(d) some people are sitting in a waiting area.","(a) a woman is drinking from a cup.(b) a woman is opening a window.(c) the women are hanging a picture.(d) the women are facing each other.","1. a) people are putting books on a shelf.(b) there are people looking at books.(c) the shelves are lined up.(d) the books are all the same size.","3. a. the women are holding a scarfb. the women are hanging a mirror* c. one woman is trying on hatsd. one woman is looking at her reflection","10 (a) some chairs are piled on the table.(b) the centerpiece is floral.(c) chairs have been arranged under the lights.(d) there is a round table between the chairs.","5. (a) a woman is watching tv.(b) some lights are being turned on.(c) most of the seats are unoccupied.(d) the wall is covered with patterned wallpaper.","(a) he's moving baggage down the steps.(b) he's carrying suitcases in both hands.(c) he's taking suitcases from a vehicle.(d) he's standing next to a baggage trolley.","10. (a) a crowd has gathered on the beach.(b) two chairs have been situated near the ocean.(c) the chairs have been set up in rows.(d) the waves are crashing against the rocks.","10. (a) the man is running on the lawn.(b) a man is walking his dog on the grass.(c) rocks are placed at the edge of the park.(d) a man is holding a leash.","(a) the men are filling bottles at a sink.(b) some people are approaching a door.(c) a woman is reaching into a drawer.(d) a man is buttoning up his lab coat.","1. (a) papers are spread out across the table.(b) the man is looking at the monitor.(c) the man is examining an assortment of books.(d) the sofa is occupied at the moment.","4. (a) they're studying in a library.(b) they're seated around the table.(c) they're putting up signs on the wall.(d) they're sorting through books on the table.","(a) the woman is reaching inside the cabinet.(b) the door to the clothes closet is open.(c) the workers are putting away their equipment.(d) the lab technician is locking the door.","(a) one woman is picking up a bag.(8) one woman is putting on a hat.(c) the women are wearing coats.(d) the women are waiting outdoors.","10 (a) he is walking away from the lake.(b) he is placing a bag on the ground.(c) he is standing alone by the water.(d) he is barefoot at the water's edge.","5 (a) the building overlooks the pool.(b) the fence is positioned near the swimming pool.(c) an addition to the building is being built.(d) some people are lying on the chairs.","(a) the man is removing his coat.(b) the man is pushing a gate open.(c) a suitcase has been left on the floor.(d) a cart has been loaded with luggage.","9. (a) they're resting on the porch.(b) they're about to sit on the chair.(c) they're cutting the branches of the trees.(d) they're standing in front of the house.","2. a. people are standing behind a railingb. people are putting bricks in a pilec. people are crossing the street at an intersectiond. people are waiting under a bridge","(a) he's reading a magazine.(b) he's putting up a display case.(c) he's getting into a vehicle.(d) he's looking at a sign.","(a) they're having lunch outdoors.(b) they're walking next to each other.(c) they're working in the garden.(d) they're exiting a building.","(a) some performers are on a stage.(b) an audience is seated in rows.(c) tickets are being collected.(d) people are exiting a theater.","7 (a) a man is seated in a garden.(b) a woman is holding a long paint roller.(c) two people are standing on a roof.(d) two people are painting a fence.","8 (a) some people are exchanging businesscards.(b) a woman is taking notes.(c) some people are reviewing papers.(d) the men are standing across from each other.","8.*a. some cars are parked along the streetb. some trees are being plantedc. traffic is being directed by an officerd. the buildings are being washed","2. *a. a vehicle is stopped on the streetb. people are crossing a roadc. a woman is riding a bicycle through a parkd. a vendor is selling flowers near a bus stop","2. (a) flowers are being placed near the path.(b) some people are walking down the path.(c) a path is surrounded by shrubs.(d) flowers are growing along the pathway.","9. (a) a lab technician is putting away theequipment.(b) the shelves are being filled at the moment.(c) the room is equipped with laboratory equipment.(d) the lids of the bottles are being removed.","(a) some people are entering an auditorium.(b) some people are seated in a circle.(c) a man is distributing some books.(d) a man is addressing a small group of people.","3 (a) baggage is being carried on a cart.(b) luggage is being examined by a security officer.(c) the bags have been placed next to a pillar.(d) the suitcases have been stacked up.","2. (a) they are holding some documents.(b) they are setting up the chairs.(c) they are passing out some papers.(d) they are flipping through the pages of the books.","8. ;a) they're throwing the ball into the air.(b) they're playing a game on the ground.(c) the game is being played indoors.(d) they're taking a break under the trees.","(a) one of the women is taking off her jacket.(b) some women are cleaning windows.(c) one of the women is planting a tree.(d) some women are sitting on a bench.","3. (a) the man is painting a picture.(b) the man is pointing at a poster.(c) a variety of paintings is on display.(d) the paintings are hanging in a gallery.","6. (a) flags are flying from the top of thedeck.(b) boats are floating on the water.(c) a man is boarding the ship.(d) some people are leaning on the railing.","(a) a framed picture is hanging above a doorway.(b) a sofa has been positioned across from awindow.(c) a television has been set on a bookshelf.(d) some books have been stacked on a table.","(a) the women are sewing some clothing.(b) the women are arranging purses for a display.(c) racks of clothing are positioned along a wall.(d) some dresses have been folded on a shelf.","4 (a) a house is being constructed.(b) ail of the blocks have been piled up.(c) bricks have been spread out on the grass.(d)  dirt is being removed by construction workers.","6. (a) the salesperson is cleaning the room.(b) the jewelry is being discounted.(c) the items have been put in bags.(d) the goods are displayed on the stand.","a. an employee is organizing a shoe displayb. merchandise is being put into a bagc. some footwear is being scanned by a cashier*d. a customer is trying on a pair of shoes","7. (a) she is hanging up her coat on a rack.(b) she is shopping for clothes.(c) she is holding her bag in her hand.(d) she is wrapping up the clothes.","they are signing a contract.(b) two men are shaking hands.(c) both of the men are facing the window.(d) a man is greeting some customers.","4. (a) curtains are flapping in the wind.(b) chairs are placed around a table.(c) the room is full of books.(d) there are lamps beside the bed.","(a) a man is pushing a shopping cart.(b) a man is paying for some groceries.(c) some merchandise is arranged on shelves.(d) some baskets are iined up on the floor.","(a) some boards have been piled on a deck.(b) workers are fastening their helmets.(c) a ladder has been placed next to a vertical beam.(d) pipes are being carried up some steps.","(a) some women are loading groceries into a car.(b) some women are getting into a vehicle.(c) a woman is adjusting a rearview mirror.(d) a woman is driving through a parking area.","9. (a) all the people are wearing helmets.(b) some people are walking along the train platform.(c) the train is pulling out of the station.(d) nobody is riding a bicycle.","5. (a) a man is about to sit on the bench.(b) a man is buying a newspaper.(c) a man is reading while sitting.(d) a man is entering the building.","5. (a) people are applauding the speaker.(b) a man is drawing on the board.(c) one of the people is standing behind the podium.(d) a microphone is being adjusted.","(a) the vehicles are all traveling in the same direction.(b) a traffic signal is suspended above an intersection.(c) painted lines separate the lanes of traffic.(d) a high-rise building is being erected near a busyroadway.","9. (a) people are shopping in the departmentstore.(b) the buildings look the same.(c) a man is entering the store.(d) there are clouds in the sky.","(a) a man is setting up a podium.(b) presenters are seated in front of microphones.(c) trophies are being distributed atari awardsceremony.(d) a performer is bowing before an audience.","(a) the woman is mailing a package.(b) the woman is dusting the top of a rack.(c) some pots have been stacked in a comer.(d) some boxes have been stored on shelves.","(a) the driver is checking the engine.(b) some tires are being repaired.(c) some workers are opening boxes.(d) the truck is parked next to containers.","(a) potted plants have been arranged on multiplelevels.(b) farmers are picking vegetables in a field.(c) a stool has fallen over on the ground.(d) a woman is passing a crate over a railing.","10. (a) they are watering the plants in the park.(b) water is flowing over the side of the pool.(c) children are running around the plaza.(d) the water fountain is in operation.","9. (a) there's a lamppost next to the railroad.(b) a train is entering the station.(c) the area is heavily wooded.(d) a car is driving along the road.","(a) some boats are fastened to a pier.(b) some people are fishing from a dock.(c) one of the boats is being launched from theshore.(d) a sail has been raised above a ship.","1 (a) some boats are floating on the lake.(b) the sail on the boat is being raised.(c) the ship is docked at a port.(d) one of the buildings is taller than the others.","(a) workers are landscaping a walkway.(b) supplies are being wheeled on a cart.(c) litter is being collected outside of a store.(d) one of the men is pushing a lawn mower.","4. (a) a worker is painting lines on the street.(b) some people are waiting for the bus.(c) a pedestrian is crossing the street.(d) an officer is directing traffic.","9. (a) the bicycles are being locked up.(b) there are buildings along the road.(c) the people are crossing the street.(d) the man and woman are shaking hands.","6. (a) they're lined up to enter the restaurant.(b) they're helping themselves to some food.(c) they're preparing a dish in the kitchen.(d) they're standing in the front lobby.","(a) the man is placing flowers in a vase.(b) the man is wiping off the table.(c) one of the women is picking up a glass.(d) one of the women is pouring some water.","5. a. the chairs are stacked against the wallb. people are stepping into the waterc. waiters are standing at the gate* d. the tables are arranged in a row","(a) some men are looking at menus.(b) some men are preparing a meal.(c) a waiter is writing down an order.(d) a waiter is carrying some glasses.","(a) a bag has been placed on the floor.(b) the woman is putting a note on the bulletinboard.(c) a newspaper has been spread out on the carpet.(d) the woman is arranging pillows on a sofa.","(a) there's a shelving unit against the wall.(b) there are folding chairs stacked on the floor.(c) a floor lamp stands beside a desk.(d) reading materials are scattered on a table.","1. (a) the man is serving a customer.(b) the man is reading a book.(c) the man is looking for a table.(d) the man is waiting to be seated.","(a) some vehicles are parked in a garage.(b) some trees are being planted on a street.(c) a ladder is lying on the ground.(d) a streetlamp is being repaired.","1. (a) some of the tourists are leaning overthe railing.(b) they're taking a picture of an outdoor scene.(c) people are standing on the suspension bridge.(d) people are resting in the shade.","7. (a) the man is looking at the computer.(b) the computer is turned off.(c) the desk is being cleared.(d) there is an empty chair at the desk.","(a) the sail of a boat is being adjusted.(b) a man is laying down a towel on the sand.(c) a car is being towed up a hill.(d) the men are fishing from a sailboat.","6. (a) they're concentrating on work together.(b) they're helping each other move a desk.(c) they're handling documents.(d) they're arranging some books on the shelves.","2. (a) the bus is leaving the station.(b) the travelers are waving to their friends.(c) the bus is running at full speed.(d) passengers are boarding the bus.","1. (a) she is putting a book on the chair.(b) she is seated on the grass.(c) she is sitting on a chair to read.(d) she is sitting with her legs crossed.","1. (a) she's shelving some books.(b) she's putting some luggage into her car.(c) she's wheeling her cart in the store.(d) she's filling her basket with supplies.","9 (a) she is reaching for something on a rack.(b) she is watering some plants.(c) she is leaning forward over the counter.(d) she has a helmet under her arm.","2. (a) he is preparing some food.(b) he is doing the dishes in the kitchen.(c) he is cooking for some guests.(d) he is cleaning the kitchen floor.","10 (a) there are piles of books on the floor.(b) some potted plants are on the ledge.(c) plants have been set out on the balcony.(d) some pots are beside the entrance.","(a) safety goggles are hanging around a woman'sneck.(b) notes have been written on a chalkboard.(c) a woman is stirring the contents of a container.(d) a woman is inspecting some laboratoryequipment.","4. (a) the construction of the building is inprogress.(b) they are digging with tools.(c) they are using hammers.(d) some branches are lying on the ground.","(a) leaves have been collected in a pile.(b) potted plants have been organized in rows.(c) a truck is being parked on a lawn.(d) a man is moving some boxes.","5. (a) the cart is in the aisle.(b) the cart is full of various products.(c) the cart is being pushed across the street.(d) the cart is being wheeled toward the door.","5. a) a man is getting some water.(b) a man is wrapping the package.(c) a man is holding a pen.(d) both men are wearing ties.","10 (a) a man is examining some wooden planks.(b) some boards are being loaded onto a truck.(c) a construction site is being cleared.(d) some building materials are stacked up.","5. (a) they're eating some food.(b) they're cleaning pans with napkins.(c) one of the men is cutting bread.(d) stacks of plates are behind the men.","4. (a) coffee is being poured into cups.(b) a machine is placed on the table.(c) the table is covered with a cloth.(d) a man is drinking from a bottle.","(a) they're working in a wooded area.(b) a child is gathering leaves in a park.(c) the woman's reaching to pick up a branch.(d) they're strolling along a tree-lined path","5 (a) a group of women are looking in a mirror.(b) some instructors are teaching a dance.(c) several women are facing one another.(d) some women are lying on their backs.","a. lamposts are standing in a rowb. a crowd of people has gathered on a beachc. a garden has been planted on a rooftopd. the roadway is full of vehicles","1 (a) he's waiting in a parking lot.(b) he's filling the car with fuel.(c) he's paying for his purchase.(d) he's holding his car keys.","4 (a) some people are facing each other.(8) some people are writing on notepads.{c) some people are resting their arms on thedesk.(d) some people are looking at the window.","7.*a. a painting is hanging on the wallb. some people are eating a mealc. the table is being clearedd. a lamp is being turned off","7. (a) the office room is empty.(b) people are taking notes.(c) a woman is selling products.(d) people are working at their workstations.","3. (a) they are playing the same kind ofinstruments.(b) the performers are both standing.(c) the singer is waving to the audience,(d) the microphone is being installed.","9. (a) the people are walking through the forest.(b) the people are fishing from the riverbank.(c) the people are taking a walk.(d) the people are looking at each other.","a. the signs are being plantedb. the building is under constructionc. the bicyclists are riding through the streets*d. some cars are parked on the street","5. (a) smoke is rising into the air.(b) industrial equipment is being assembled.(c) construction materials are stored outside a building.(d) some merchandise is being shipped.","7. (a) a shopper is reaching for an orange atan outdoor fruit stand.(b) a woman is weighing some fruit.(c) a variety of fruits are displayed for sale.(d) grapes are being sorted into boxes.","3. (a) she's opening a blind.(b) she's carrying some luggage.(c) she's standing in a waiting area.(d) she's talking on the telephone.","(a) she's stacking chairs near the door.(b) she's operating a machine.(c) she's entering an office.(d) she's placing files in a cabinet.","7. (a) the boat is being towed away.(b) some people are swimming.(c) the boats are tied up at the dock.(d) some people are taking a boat ride.","3. (a) a group of people are strolling in thepark.(b) the buildings overlook the park.(c) a statue is positioned on a pedestal.(d) bicycles are secured to the post.","8 (a) some passengers are taking their seats.(b) some commuters are waiting on the platform.(c) some people are exiting the train.(d) some travelers are purchasing train tickets.","(a) workers are entering a factory.(b) vehicles are parked side by side.(c) a machine is pouring cement.(d) a truck is being towed.","8. (a) a man is boarding a boat.(b) a tree has fallen into the ocean.(c) the statue overlooks the water.(d) people are walking in the woods.","9. (a) workers are putting on boots.(b) a man is using a shovel.(c) the road is being repaved.(d) they are raking some leaves.","3 (a) some people are waiting on theplatform.(b) some people are boarding the train.(c) the train conductor is collecting tickets.(d) the train is pulling into the station.","3. a. the man is moving some chairs* b. the people are eating in a restaurantc. the waiter is serving some sandwichesd. the woman is ordering her meal","(a) one of th e men is repairing a motorcycle.(b) one of the men is boarding a boat.(c) one of the men is driving a car.(d) one of the men is walking along the water.","(a) they're hanging a picture on a wall.(b) they're setting the table.(c) they're opening a window.(d) they're rearranging some furniture.","10. a. a salesperson is reaching into a display caseb. merchandise is being packed into boxesc. a customer is taking a hat off a counter*d. tags have been attached to some hats","1. (a) there's a bridge over the water.(b) there's a river through the cliff walls.(c) there are people hiking up the mountain.(d) there is a boat crossing the water.","1. (a) he is reading a book.(b) he has placed his bag at his feet.(c) he is removing his eye glasses.(d) he is sitting with his arms folded.","(a) people are shopping in a grocery store.(8) people are seated at tables.(c) people are watching a performance.(d) people are walking on a crowded street.","8. (a) some boxes are scattered outside thestore.(b) the boxes are being unpacked.(c) there is an assortment of fruit displayed.(d) the shoppers are sorting through the goods.","3. (a) the surface of the road is beingsmoothed.(b) some bags are loaded on the back of the bicycles.(c) they are riding bikes on the road.(d) they are walking side by side.","(a) they're carrying the ladder.(b) one man is opening a can of paint.(c) they're climbing onto the roof.(d) one man is using a long pole.","3. (a) the tables are set for a meal.(b) people are ordering a meal.(c) a woman is pouring water into a glass.(d) a waiter is serving food.","3 (a) a closet is being locked.(b) some plates are set on a table.(c) there is an empty shelf in a cabinet.(d) a cupboard is filled with tableware.","(a) a woman is shaking hands with a man.(b) a woman is holding some sheets of paper.(c) a woman is taking notes on a board.(d) a woman is passing a briefcase to a man.","3. (a) the lawn has been neatly mowed.(b) the ground is covered with leaves.(c) the man is talking on his cellular phone.(d) the man is putting his boots on.","the man is putting away some tools.(b) some machinery is being delivered.(c) the man is wearing protective gear.(d) some repairs are being made to a roof.","2 (a) the women are examining a medical charttogether.(b) one of the women is wearing a lab coat.(c) the women are working in a hospital.(d) one woman is pushing the other in a wheelchair.","4 (a) he's working with some small tools.(b) he's turning on a desk lamp.(c) he's hammering nails into some wood.(d) he's reading from a piece of paper.","(a) he's removing items from a carton.(b) he's stocking the shelves with beverages.(c) he's putting merchandise into a basket.(d) he's placing price tags on some products.","(a) a man's walking down an escalator.(8) a man's wrapping some merchandise.(c) some people are cleaning the floor.(d) some people are seated next to an escalator.","(a) a vendor is rearranging a collection of glasses.(b) a merchant is setting up a row of tables.(c) customers are examining some merchandise ondisplay.(d) some people are purchasing umbrellas in amarket.","(a) some people are climbing the stairs.(b) some people are leaning against a railing.(c) a woman is reading on a bench.(d) a man is working in a garden.","they're walking to the police station.(b) they're wearing uniforms.(c) they're getting into the vehicle.(d) they're looking for a parking spot.","3. (a) the woman is ready to go swimming.(b) the woman is walking along the beach.(c) the woman is studying the sign.(d) the woman has just gotten off the bike.","6. (a) the people are seated on the bus.(b) some tickets are unavailable.(c) some windows are being installed.(d) some people are boarding the vehicle.","6. a. the handrails are being polished.b. the people are seated on the steps* c. the people are going up to the next floord. the workers are cleaning the walkway","(a) a machine is lifting bags onto a shelf.(b) small trees have been planted in individual pots.(c) soil is being poured into plastic bags.(d) a field is surrounded by trees.","9. (a) a woman is writing on the board.(b) a woman is arranging the chairs.(c) there is a gap between the chairs.(d) a slide presentation is being made.","2. (a) she's shelving the products.(b) she's looking for some drinks.(c) she's pricing the goods on the stand.(d) she's standing in the aisle of the store.","(a) cooks are placing items in a freezer.(b) workers are remodeling a kitchen.(c) meals are being served in a dining room.(d) food is being prepared in a restaurant.","10. (a) a man is going up the steps.(b) a picture is hanging in the middle of the stairs.(c) a plant is hanging on the railing.(d) the staircase is being cleaned.","3. (a) one woman is buying a camera.(b) they are walking out of the park.(c) a woman is being photographed.(d) they are sketching the scenery.","6. (a) they are putting away their instruments.(b) they are performing outdoors.(c) all the women are holding up flags.(d) they are purchasing some uniforms.","a. a man is placing a basket on a shelf* b. labels have been attached to shelving unitsc. a man is opening the door of a cabinetd. some newspapers have been piled on the floor","8. (a) the train is pulling into the station.(b) the passengers are arriving at the station.(c) the train cars are not connected.(d) the people are boarding the train.","10. (a) the boats are racing through the water.(b) the water is breaking on the shore.(c) a group of boats is floating in the water.(d) the boats have been pulled onto the beach.","9. (a) there are customers in a store.(b) some containers are organized in a row.(c) some food is being eaten.(d) the ladders are being used.","\u2022 3. (a) he's putting down his knapsack.(b) he's looking at a piece of paper.(c) he's leaving his work.(d) he's heading toward the building.","5. (a) people are eating food at therestaurant.(b) people are lining up at the counter.(c) people are waiting to get a drink.(d) people are paying for their meals.","9 (a) some trees are reflected in the water.(b) the trees have lost their leaves.(c) there are no clouds in the sky.(d) some people are fishing at the lakeshore.","1. (a) she is walking home.(b) she is shopping for some clothes.(c) she is ready to cross the road.(d) she is strolling on the sidewalk.","9 (a) a woman is seated on the grass.(b) a woman is kneeling down on the ground.(c) a woman is taking a picture of the landscape.(d) a woman is looking at the mirror.","10. a. the pins have been pressed into the boardb. the cups have been left to dryc. the closet is full of boxes*d. pencils have been arranged in containers","8. (a) the buildings are being demolished.(b) there are trees surrounding the buildings.(c) a boat is passing under a bridge.(d) there are many buildings near the lake.","8. (a) he is helping a customer.(b) he is booking tickets for a play.(c) he is reaching to get something.(d) he is doing some grocery shopping.","4. (a) some boxes have been stacked.(b) some cartons are being loaded onto the cart.(c) some boxes are being taped.(d) some building materials are piled up. 5","(a) she's jotting down notes on a notepad.(b) she's arranging some flowers in a vase.(c) she's attaching items to a bulletin board.(d) she's moving her computer monitor.","8 (a) some ships are sailing along the shore.(b) some boats have been pulled up on a beach.(c) the water is calm.(d) the man is putting up a sail.","7. *a. the books have been arranged in pilesb. the bookshelves have fallen overc. the cart has been turned on its sided. the files have been stacked on the bookshelf","6. (a) notices are being posted on the bulletinboard.(b) a pay phone is being used.(c) the woman is hanging up the phone.(d) some shrubs are being planted.","3. (a) both men are carrying a bookshelftogether.(b) the lights are hanging from the ceiling.(c) most of the tables are unoccupied.(d) people are wearing hats.","7. (a) they are paddling kayaks.(b) they are putting away the paddles.(c) they are dipping their toes in the water.(d) they are talking to each other.","5. (a) one of the boats is tied to the dock.(b) there are ducks flying over the boats.(c) the boats are going under the bridge.(d) there are swimmers diving into the river.","1.*a. they're looking into a storeb. they're walking out of a shop c. they're trying on some shoes d. they're washing a window","7. (a) one man is drawing the curtains.(b) they're concentrating on their work.(c) one man is cleaning his desk.(d) they're entering the workplace.","8. a. the shopkeeper is lining up some goods forsale* b. the man is holding some reading materialc. the shopper is picking out clothes from the rack.d. the man's folding the merchandise on the table","(a) an audience has filled a movie theater.(b) spectators are attending a sporting event.(c) vendors are climbing some stairs.(d) the players are leaving the field.","10 (a) bicycles are parked in a rack.(b) the windows of the building are being closed.(c) the building is being demolished.(d) there are stairs at the entrance.","(a) the woman is getting a cup of coffee.(b) the woman is sitting near the machine.(c) the woman is picking up a document.(d) the woman is unplugging the machine.","9 (a) people are seated in a circle.(b) a man is speaking to the audience.(c) people are applauding the speaker.(d) a man is pointing to a document.","jam is being spread on some toast.(b) a toaster is being plugged in.(c) some items have been placed on a tray.(d) some utensils are arranged in a row.","5.*a. food is being served to some customersb. a woman is handing money to a cashierc. trays are being carried to a sinkd. a man is putting on an apron","(a) the man's holding an open folder.(b) the woman's writing notes in a binder.(c) the woman's adding paper to the printer.(d) the man's taking off his hat.","4. (a) some people are talking in groups.(b) the people have gathered for a performance.(c) leaves are falling from trees.(d) all the people are dressed alike.","(a) there are papers piled on a chair.(b) there are cabinets above a computer monitor.(c) the man is opening a window.(d) the man is reaching for a telephone.","(a) the woman is holding a handbag.(b) the man is watering a plant.(c) the people are moving furniture.(d) the people are talking on telephones.","2. (a) they're working in an art studio.(b) they're listening to a lecture.(c) they're drawing pictures outdoors.(d) they're looking at paintings in a museum.","6. (a) they are helping themselves to thefood.(b) they are setting the dinner table together.(c) they are holding cups in their hands.(d) they are clearing off the table.","10. (a) he is taking a picture of some artwork,(b) he is looking out the window.(c) he is admiring a painting in the gallery.(d) he is framing a picture.","some pedestrians are heading in the samedirection.(b) some vehicles are waiting at an intersection.(c) some umbrellas are being sold in the street.(d) some billboards are being hung in a building.","1. (a) the boats are floating in the water.(b) the boat is being pushed into the water.(c) the boats are crashing into each other.(d) the boats are sailing on the open sea.","2. (a) the man is getting his hair shampooed.(b) the woman is mopping the floor.(c) the man is about to take a seat.(d) the woman is attending to the man.","2 (a) some farm equipment is being operated.(b) a man is resting under some trees.(c) the grass is being cut with a lawn mower.(d) a man is walking through a field.","2. (a) the woman is at the counter.(b) the man is serving coffee to the customer.(c) the woman is standing behind the counter.(d) the man is stacking up the cups.","5. (a) the man is balanced on a ladder.(b) the man is painting a picture.(c) the man is reading a sign on a building.(d) the man is hanging from some cables.","10. (a) a man is pointing at the screen.(b) the presentation is nearly over.(c) the man is asking a question.(d) the audience is getting ready to leave.","10.a.workers are taking a tank out of a building*b. plastic sheets cover a building framec. stepladders are being set up in a tentd. some workers are trimming pieces of wood","9. (a) they are sitting in front of computer monitors.(b) they are clapping their hands.(c) they are assembling the computers.(d) they are operating heavy machinery.","some signs are blocking the entrance.a clock is hanging above a doorway.some recycling bins are being emptied.the doors have been left open.","3. (a) the man is picking up a cup.(b) the audience is being addressed.(c) there is a microphone near the man.(d) the woman is wearing headphones.","2. (a) flowers are growing in a garden.(b) pots are full of food.(c) flower arrangements are on display.(d) a woman is buying some flowers.","7. ;a) some people are playing musical instruments.(b) people are watching the performance.(c) people in the back are gathered for a meeting.(d) the performers are bowing to the audience.","2. (a) he is locking the bicycle against thefence.(b) he is putting away the guitar in its case.(c) he is playing a musical instrument.(d) he is walking along the river.","the men are protecting their ears with earmuffs.the men are facing each other.one of the men is cutting boards into pieces.one of the men is packing lumber into a crate.","(a) a man is diving off a boat.(b) some boats are sailing on the water.(c) some people are fishing from a dock.(d) people are watching a race from the shore.","1. (a) she is checking into the hotel.(b) she is conversing over the phone.(c) she is helping a customer at the desk.(d) she is wiping the counter.","(a) a laptop has been stored on a bookshelf.(b) a whiteboard is propped against a wall.(c) she's separating som e papers into piles.(d) she's framing a piece of art.","3 (a) she's holding an image with both hands.(b) she's wearing a necklace.(c) she's looking at a model of a skull.(d) she's folding her arms.","(a) the fountain is spraying water into the air.(b) people are swimming in the pool.(c) water is flowing down the mountain.(d) children are drinking from the water fountain.","3 (a) some people are strolling along thepath.(b) trees line both sides of the street.(c) some people are walking along the hallway.(d) the path curves along the fence.","1 (a) he is operating a computer.(b) he is inspecting an item for sale.(c) he is looking through some files.(d) he is dressed formally.","(a) they're examining some documents.(b) they're tearing up sheets of paper.(c) they're watching a slide show.(d) they're pointing to charts on the wall.","(a) some people are serving refreshments.(b) some people are ordering food from menus.(c) the men are exchanging a greeting.(d) two women are flipping through their notepads.","(a) trees are being transported down the river.(b) buildings are overlooking the water.(c) boats are passing under the bridge.(d) children are playing in the fields.","2. (a) a fence runs along the edge of theroad.(b) a gardener is trimming bushes in the park.(c) some people are jogging in the park.(d) people are lying down on the lawn.","(a) containers are stacked in a warehouse.(b) a row of lampposts lines the street.(c) decorations are being removed from the balconies.(d) flags are displayed along the exterior of a building.","8. (a) he is talking on a cellular phone.(b) he is fixing a mobile phone.(c) he is putting on a wrist watch.(d) he is taking off his sunglasses.","10. (a) a car is parked in the driveway.(b) the houses are spaced far apart.(c) the street is blocked by a fallen tree.(d) the road curves into the distance.","1 (a) the table has been neatly set.(b) the plates of food are being served.(c) the candles on the table are being lit.(d) the food has been placed on the plates.","a. one of the men is putting on a tie* b. one of the men is standing at a counterc. one of the men is setting a briefcase on the floord. one of the men is typing on a computer","(a) there's a clock in the tower.(b) there's a towel hanging outside.(c) there's a person on the balcony.(d) there's a watch next to the window.","some vases have been piled up.(b) some pottery is being displayed.(c) some shelves are being assembled.(d) some containers are arranged in a glass case.","10. (a) he is cutting down a tree.(b) he is bending over with a shovel.(c) he is building a house.(d) he is making a mark on the wall.","9 (a) all of the seats are unoccupied.(b) candlesticks are set on the table.(c) some dishes are being served.(d) chandeliers are being polished.","one of the men is sweeping the hallway.(b) the men are greeting each other.(c) one of the men is selling a newspaper.(d) some windows line the corridor.","4. (a) a man is adjusting his hat.(b) some people are holding cups.(c) a woman is arranging flower pots.(d) they're shopping for groceries.","5. (a) they are sitting in a circle.(b) they are having a conversation.(c) they are wearing glasses.(d) they are gazing at the bridge.","10. (a) the man is reading a sign in the park.(b) the man is sitting on a bench.(c) the man is holding an umbrella.(d) the man is planting a tree.","(a) they're looking at the screen.(b) they're sitting next to each other.(c) they're organizing the desk.(d) they're decorating the walls.","4. (a) the furniture is being moved.(b) windows have been opened.(c) a plant is next to the bench.(d) the bench is occupied.","(a) people are climbing up a hill.(b) passengers are boarding a bus.(c) the steps are blocked by luggage.(d) a bus is departing from a station.","7. (a) the table is being measured.(b) a man is carving a piece of wood.(c) the table is being set up.(d) the men are wearing gloves.","1. (a) the man is gesturing with his hands.(b) the man is holding a hose.(c) the man is getting in a fire truck.(d) the man is putting out a fire.","(a) a train is going through a tunnel.(b) a train station is being renovated.(c) there is a railing beside the train track.(d) the doors of the train are closing.","1. (a) she is folding the umbrella.(b) she is walking into the smoke.(c) she is hurrying out of the rain.(d) she is holding up an umbrella.","10 (a) there are several pots on the stove.(b) the sink is full of dirty dishes.(c) the oven is being used.(d) there are saucers on the cupboard.","7 (a) a man is writing a letter.(b) a ladder is propped up against the tree.(c) a man is standing on a ladder.(d) a ladder is being carried up to the roof.","6. (a) the man is feeding a horse.(b) the man is hosing down the path.(c) they are going on a carriage ride.(d) the children are having a ride on a horse.","(a) some vendors are selling merchandise.(b) some people are putting up a tent.(c) two men are shaking hands.(d) a woman is clearing off a table.","10 (a) the lawn is being mowed.(b) a trash can is located next to a bench.(c) a rain shelter is covering the seating area.(d) a brick wall runs along a walkway.","they are entering a vehicle.they are peeking into their bags.they are putting on their clothes.they are standing by a car trunk.","9 (a) he's entering an office building.(b) he's arriving at an airport.(c) he's signaling to someone.(d) he's reading a newspaper.","5. (a) he's getting out of a car.(b) he's riding in a taxi.(c) he's walking outdoors.(d) he's leaning against a brick wall.","7. (a) plants are growing around the ruins.(b) all the buildings are the same height.(c) the buildings have many stories.(d) a flock of birds is flying over the skyscrapers.","5 (a) waves are crashing on the shore.(b) some people are swimming in the ocean.(c) a boat is moving through the water.(d) the rocks rise above the water.","8 (a) the man is taking some measurements.(b) the woman is wiping the window glass.(c) the woman's image is reflected in the mirror.(d) the man is looking at his reflection.","7 (a) a man is addressing the audience.(b) all of the seats are occupied.(c) a man is delivering a speech outdoors.(d) the microphone is being adjusted.","6. (a) a man is leaning on the railing.(b) the pictures are being hung.(c) some wires are hanging from a bar.(d) pictures are hung from a wall.","3. (a) the woman is looking through a telescope.(b) the woman is tying her hair back with a scarf.(c) the woman is staring at something in the pot.(d) the woman is positioning the microphone.","(a) they're paging through notebooks.(b) they're reaching for their plates.(c) they're sitting next to one another.(d) they're serving food and drinks.","5. (a) the people are walking toward theplane.(b) the plane is landing at the airport.(c) the cargo is being loaded onto the plane.(d) the runway is being cleared for take-off.","2. (a) they are lifting up a table.(b) they are working at the drafting table.(c) they are taking a break on the lawn.(d) they are gathered around the table.","2. a. they're talking on the phoneb. they're moving some furniturec. they're reading some books*d. they're standing by a table","6. (a) cartons are stacked in a shopping cart.(b) containers are being labeled.(c) people are inspecting an item.(d) display cases have been emptied.","1 (a) she's holding reading material.(b) she's entering a gate.(c) she's talking on her cellphone.(d) she's looking at the scenery.","(a) they're handing out cups.(b) they're having a discussion.(0 they're taking off their glasses.(d) they're sitting in a conference room.","5. (a) she is stirring some food.(b) she is preparing a meal.(c) she is using a cash register.(d) she is directing a customer to his seat.","1. a. he's walking around the officeb. he's putting on his jacket* c. he's working at his deskd. he's picking up a cup","2 (a) the chairs are facing each other.(b) there are chairs around the round table.(c) the curtains are being drawn.(d) the floor is being repainted.","5. (a) the suitcase is full of clothes.(b) the suitcase is on the chair.(c) the woman is in front of the airport.(d) the woman is putting a doll in a drawer.","7. (a) a woman is playing piano.(b) one of the doors has opened.(c) a woman is lighting candles.(d) an instrument has been situated in a room.","6. (a) a worker is mowing the grass.(b) the cars are parked along the road.(c) the house is brightly colored.(d) there are trees surrounding the building.","7. (a) they are taking photographs.(b) the fountain is in operation.(c) people are sitting on the fountain ledge.(d) travelers are carrying their luggage.","(a) the airplanes are in the building.(b) the airplanes are flying at a high altitude.(c) the airplanes are taking off.(d) the airplanes are parked on the ground.","4 (a) a mirror is above a fireplace.(b) a light fixture hangs from the ceiling.(c) the floor has been covered in carpeting.(d) a table is being placed in a corridor.","4. (a) some people are sitting around thefountain.(b) a swimmer is rushing into the water.(c) workers are cleaning a pond.(d) a gardener is watering plants.","(a) a man is pushing a shopping cart.(b) a man is waiting to make a purchase.(c) a man is holding some merchandise.(d) a man is assembling some shelves.","7 (a) she's arranging flowers in a vase.(b) she's filling her car with items.(c) she's examining some plants.(d) she's reaching for a shopping bag.","5. a. there's a chair next to the bedsb. there are no pillows on the bedc. there's a stack of sheets on the shelf*d. there's a picture above the beds","9. (a) they're putting on uniforms.(b) they're standing behind the counter.(c) they're arranging items on the counter.(d) they're walking in the lobby.","1 (a) people are standing on the platform.(b) the platform is deserted.(c) some passengers are hurrying to catch the train.(d) a train is approaching the station.","8. (a) the balcony overlooks the river.(b) the seats are occupied.(c) there are various buildings in the background.(d) the chairs are being set up.","9.*a. people are waiting next to the vehicleb. the vehicle is pulling into a garagec. the vehicle's windows are being cleanedd. people are crossing the street","9.*a. there are pictures on the wallb. the tables are covered with tableclothsc. the chairs are being put awayd. the piano is being played","9. (a) a man is putting sunglasses on.(b) a man is fixing his car.(c) a man is opening the hood.(d) a man is reaching to pick up a tool.","3 (a) the woman is waving to a passenger.(b) the woman is reaching for a phone.(c) the woman is standing near an entrance.(d) the woman is checking the time.","(a) there's a pile of tires on the ground.(b) a vehicle's being repaired.(c) earth is being shoveled into a truck.(d) there's a shadow on the wall.","8. a. she's stapling some documents together*b. she's doing some paperworkc. she's looking over her shoulderd. she's riding to the office","8. (a) the path leads to the building.(b) trees are being planted.(c) the grass is being cut.(d) the door has been closed.","a. he's looking at his watch* b. he's talking on the phonec. he's walking outsided. he's opening a box","(a) the man's counting some boxes.(b) the cash register has been opened.(c) some merchandise is being set on a shelf.(d) a worker is scrubbing the counters.","10 (a) some binoculars are sitting on a shelf.(b) people are viewing the city from a balcony.(c)  a railing is casting shadows on the ground.(d) some buildings are undergoing repairs.","2. (a) the woman is carrying a bottle.(b) the man is talking to the woman.(c) the woman is walking into the woods.(d) the man is working outdoors.","7 (a) a bridge is being built over a river.(b) they are walking two by two.(c) they are hiking in a forest.(d) a girl is carrying a trekking pole.","(a) the lamp has been placed by the window.(b) the beds have been pushed together.(c) there's a window above each bed.(d) there's a lamp between the beds.","a. they're waiting in line together*b. they're playing a game outdoorsc. they're sitting at the dentist's officed. they're opening the gate","5. (a) an umbrella is being opened.(b) people are eating hamburgers.(c) a man is cooking on the grill.(d) some people are going on a picnic.","8. (a) they're dressed in identical uniforms.(b) they're walking through the forest.(c) they're all carrying bags on their shoulders.(d) they're taking a walk in the country.","2. (a) the televisions are hanging on the wall.(b) the chairs are all full.(c) people are enjoying a movie.(d) the televisions are falling off the wall.","he's writing on a piece of paper.(b) he's looking at a document.(c) he's polishing a window.(d) he's leaning against a wall.","8. (a) she is washing the dishes in the sink.(b) she is stirring something in the pot.(c) she is putting some bottles in the cupboard.(d) she is cooking some food on a grill outside.","(a) the man is fixing his watch.(b) the bicycle is lying on the ground.(c) the man is cleaning the shop.(d) the bicycle is in a repair shop.","a rope has been tied to a bar.a horse is being ridden.an animal is resting in a barn.a hose has been left on the ground.","7. a. he's throwing some fish into the waterb. he's swimming in the ocean* c. he's looking over the side of a boatd. he's standing in the water","8. (a) some people are standing by a door.(b) some people are seated on the stairs.(c) some people are crossing the street.(d) some people are eating their lunches.","8. (a) he's painting the side of a fence.(b) he's walking through the room.(c) he's using a long pole.(d) he's leaning on a walking stick.","6 (a) the man is lifting some equipment.(b) the people are surfing in the sea.(c) a cliff overlooks the water.(d) some rocks are piled on the grass.","1. (a) he is looking at a newspaper.(b) he is reading a letter.(c) he is reviewing some documents indoors.(d) he is arranging some tables.","some of the windows are covered withshades.(b) balconies are being erected on the building.(c) some outdoor railings have been removed.(d) laundry is being hung on a clothesline.","5. (a) shelves are being stocked.(b) fruit is being displayed for sale.(c) containers are being filled with fruit.(d) people are eating some food.","2. (a) she is doing the dishes.(b) she is wiping the oven.(c) she is slicing some loaves of bread.(d) she is preparing something to eat.","(a) they're driving along the shoreline.(b) they're standing near a railing.(c) they're handing out menus.(d) they're dining at a restaurant.","2. (a) some people are standing on the grass.(b) some people are seated on a wall.(c) some people are lying down on the lawn.(d) some people are strolling along the beach.","(a) pedestrians are strolling beside a riverbank.(b) vendors are putting away their displays.(c) a domed building overlooks an open-air market.(d) a statue is shaded by some umbrellas.","(a) she's reaching for a book.(b) she's operating a machine.(c) she's turning the pages of a newspaper.(d) she's putting up some wallpaper.","7. (a) they are taking a nap on the bench.(b) benches are positioned under the building.(c) they are resting on the bench.(d) the woman is stretching out on the bench.","8. a. the woman is taking a picture* b. the woman is reading as she walksc. the boy is holding the woman's handd. the boy is playing in the buses","7. (a) the man is carrying a ladder.(b) the man is writing a letter.(c) the man is standing on a ladder.(d) the man is painting the door.","9. (a) they are welding pipes.(b) they are working underground.(c) they are doing some work outdoors.(d) they are carrying a table together.","10 (a) a woman is pouring water into a cup.(b) some branches have fallen onto the grass.(c) a tent is being erected.(d) liquid is being poured into a container.","10. (a) the man is speaking into a microphone.(b) the man is putting away his trumpet.(c) the man is playing the musical instrument.(d) the man is waving at the audience.","9. (a) an airplane is taxiing down the runway.(b) planes have landed on the ground.(c) passengers are exiting an aircraft.(d) the airplane doors are being shut.","5. (a) a woman is taking a picture.(b) a woman is gazing at a painting.(c) a woman is entering an art gallery.(d) a woman is watching an artist at work.","6. (a) a map is posted on the bulletin board.(b) the man is putting a map into a bag.(c) a map is being examined.(d) the man is wearing a long-sleeved shirt.","4. (a) the birds are landing on the ground.(b) a bird is on the woman's head.(c) the woman is feeding the birds.(d) a flock of birds is flying over the water.","(a) some people are riding bicycles.(b) some people are standing in a group.(c) some people are seated on a lawn.(d) some people are gathered near a table.","8. (a) the sign is being posted on the pole.(b) the tree is casting a shadow.(c) cars are parked near the tree.(d) trees are being planted.","5. (a) the man is swimming in the water.(b) the man is leaning on the walking stick.(c) the man is, fishing at the water's edge.(d) the river has overflowed to the banks.","1 (a) he is holding a bottle.(b) he is putting on a wool hat.(c) he is looking at the sign.(d) he is eating something.","(a) the woman's hands are in her pockets.(b) the woman is kneeling in the garden.(c) the woman's hat is on the ground.(d) the woman is surrounded by flowers.","3. (a) they're watching a sports event.(b) they're turning on the computer.(c) they're checking information from reference books.(d) they're looking at a computer monitor.","(a) they're facing each other.(b) they're looking out the window.(c) they're reading a book.(d) they're sharing a meal.","3. (a) they're examining kitchenware items.(b) they're holding shopping bags.(c) they're organizing some shelves.(d) they're standing near the door.","(a) the man is unlocking a door.(8) the man is holding some packages.(c) the man is loading a cart.(d) the man is standing near some boxes.","4. a) people are running in the halls.(b) people are mopping the floor.(c) people are hanging paintings up.(d) people are looking at the paintings.","8. (a) they are lying on the beach.(b) they are taking off their glasses.(c) they are sitting with their arms crossed.(d) they are disassembling the bench.","4. (a) some people are baking bread.(b) baked goods are displayed in a showcase.(c) many customers are shopping for bread.(d) some desserts are being eaten.","(a) the woman's picking up a bag.(8) the woman's carrying some flowers.(c) the woman's throwing something away .(d) the woman's sitting outdoors.","4. (a) people are boarding a boat.(b) people are staring out the window.(c) people are reviewing some materials.(d) people are watching a movie.","1. ,a) the man is holding a pencil.(b) the man is sipping a cup of coffee.(c) the man is wearing a short-sleeved shirt.(d) the man is reading a newspaper.","7 (a) the landscape in this area is dry androcky.(b) the path goes through the woods.(c) the man is walking up the steps.(d) the trail curves into the distance.","7. (a) the musicians are turning away fromtheir equipment.(b) the musicians are bowing to the audience.(c) the musicians are playing different instruments.(d) there are lights hanging from the ceiling.","3. (a) a couple is rushing into the ocean.(b) a couple is folding their arms.(c) a couple is walking without shoes on.(d) a couple is holding their shoes.","1 (a) they are setting up microphones on a stage.(b) they are putting away their instruments.(c) they are playing stringed instruments(d) they are performing outdoors.","1. (a) a woman is walking across the street.(b) a woman is carrying a backpack.(c) a woman is holding an umbrella.(d) a woman is folding up an umbrella.","2. (a) the woman is painting the wall.(b) the woman is opening the door.(c) the woman is tying her hair.(d) the woman is putting on a shirt.","6. a. plates have been set in the sink*b. eating utensils have been arrangedc. dishes have been placed in a cupboardd. tools have been left under a counter","5. a. the swimmers are in the waterb. the boats are out to seac. the pedestrians are crossing the bridge*d. some people are standing on the shore","1. (a) the man is rowing a small boat.(b) the man is fishing in the boat.(c) the man is swimming in the water.(d) the man is walking away from the boat.","a road leads to a forest.(b) a shutter is being closed.(c) a vehicle is parked in a garage.(d) a driveway has been resurfaced.","(a) some pedestrians are crossing at an intersection.(b) tree branches are being cleared o ff a walkway.(c) some vehicles are facing a low wall.(d) a car is exiting a parking garage.","8 (a) some clothes are folded under the shelf.(b) all of the shirts are identical.(c) clothes have been hung on hangers.(d) some sweaters have been tossed on the floor.","9. a. he's placing an item on the scale* b. he's wearing protective clothingc. he's removing something from a jard. he's walking to a laboratory","the window panes are being replaced.(b) the plants are hanging from the balconies.(c) the flowerpots have been stacked on the floor.(d) the railings extend along the deck.","6 (a) a board is being measured.(b) wood has been stacked in a pile.(c) some lumber is being carried.(d) the construction site has been abandoned.","9. (a) she is climbing over the fence.(b) she is moving the trash cans.(c) she is carrying a carton into a building.(d) she is jogging along the street.","7. (a) the boats are docked at the harbor.(b) travelers are climbing into a boat.(c) the boats are heading out to sea.(d) a shipment is being unloaded at the port.","the man is handing a cup to the woman.(b) the man is typing on a keyboard.(c) the woman is opening a notebook.(d) the woman is resting her arms on the desk.","6. (a) he is reaching for a book.(b) he is taking a book from the shelf.(c) he is making a purchase.(d) he is holding a book.","a (a) he is cutting a piece of wood.(b) he is working on a wall.(c) he is digging a ditch.(d) he is doing some construction work.","(a) he's looking into a microscope.(b) he's putting on his glasses.(c) he's closing a cabinet.(d) he's washing some bottles.","9. (a) the woman is browsing in a bookstore.(b) the woman is booking a table.(c) the woman is opening her backpack.(d) the woman is reading at her desk.","9 (a) children are standing in the water.(b) some girls are patting the dogs.(c) people are swimming in the sea.(d) two dogs are chasing away some birds.","(a) a crowd has gathered for a performance.(b) some pedestrians are crossing the street.(c) a man's sweeping the pavement.(d) a woman's entering a clothing store.","5 (a) the bookshelves are being relocated.(b) wine is being poured into the glass.(c) a painting is hanging on the wall.(d) a man is playing the piano.","2. a. he's riding a motorcycleb. he's walking to the bike shop* c. he's working in a repair shopd. he's getting a tool from a shelf","3. (a) she is watering some trees.(b) she is standing by a plant.(c) she is gazing out at the scenery.(d) she is planting some bushes.","3 (a) they are playing some stringinstruments.(b) they are playing some music together.(c) they are performing on stage together.(d) they are putting away their musical instruments.","(a) she's closing the door.(b) she's lying on the sofa.(c) she's holding a piece of paper.(d) she's writing a letter.","(a) he's inspecting some tires.(b) he's opening a car door.(c) he's parking in a garage.(d) he's working on a vehicle.","(a) they're using some computers.(b) they're facing each other.(c) they're standing at a desk.(d) they're buying some equipment.","1. (a) they are sitting in a circle.(b) they are reading their notes.(c) they are shaking hands with each other.(d) they are having a discussion.","7 (a) he is gazing at the screen.(b) he is sitting at the counter.(c) he is examining some papers.(d) he is speaking into a microphone.","(a) the man is filling a spray bottle.(b) the man is cleaning the floor.(c) there are cabinets under the counter.(d) the drawers are open.","(a) a woman's working at a laptop computer.{b) a woman's drinking from a bottle.(c) a woman's stacking some furniture.(d) a woman's putting items in a backpack.","3. (a) the man is putting away the ladder.(b) the man is painting the house.(c) the man is replacing the window.(d) the man is working on the ladder.","two sections of the bridge have beenraised.(b) boats are floating near a cliff.(c) people are swimming toward a sailboat.(d) a canal is flowing past a forest.","(a) he's wearing a tool belt.(b) he's going into a house.(c) he's carrying some wood.(d) he's taking off his hat.","a walkway has been blocked.(b) some lampposts are being replaced.(c) people are strolling in a meadow.(d) shadows are being cast on the ground.","4 (a) skyscrapers overlook a large forest.(b) people are sunbathing on the beach.(c) a canal passes by some tall buildings.(d) two people are jogging near the shore.","3 (a) they're sitting along the wall.(b) they're swimming in the water.(c) they're catching fish with a net.(d) they're using some fishing gear.","(a) the students are walking around.(b) the teacher is distributing papers.(c) the students are cleaning a chalkboard.(d) the teacher is holding up an object.","(a) she's putting away a microscope.(b) she's taking off a coat.(c) she's examining some safety glasses.<d) she's using some laboratory equipment.","4 (a) trees are casting shadows on a bench.(b) cyclists are riding in the same direction(c) some people are jogging on a path.(d) three bicycles are locked to a rack.","(a) some tents are being assembled.(b) the chairs are shaded by umbrellas.(c) tourists are relaxing on the beach.(d) towels have been spread out on the sand.","9. (a) a painting is leaning against the wall.(b) the luggage is being packed.(c) the suitcase is next to the bed.(d) the clothing is displayed on racks.","1. (a) he is sweeping the area.(b) he is putting a shirt on.(c) he is planting some flowers.(d) he is kneeling down on the ground.","4. (a) they are walking down the stairs.(b) they are standing hand in hand.(c) they are polishing the escalators.(d) they are facing each other.","5. a. cheese is being wrapped for a customerb. cheese has been packed into cartonsc. labels are being attached to pieces of cheese* d. cheese has been cut into different sizes","3. (a) they are climbing the ladder.(b) they are fixing a tire.(c) they are working on the street.(d) they are doing some construction work.","a (a) the television has been dismantled.(b) some potted plants are on the table.(c) the blinds are drawn.(d) the floor is being mopped.","5. (a) the man is buying a ticket at the bus station.(b) the man is boarding the bus.(c) the man is handing his baggage to a conductor.(d) the man is checking the bus timetable.","he's putting papers into piles.(b) he's printing out some forms.(c) he's searching for a cabinet.(d) he's wearing glasses.","(a) they're reading some newspapers.(b) they're moving some furniture.(c) they're facing each other.(d) they're opening their briefcases.","a passenger is waving a flag.(b) some men are rowing their boats.(c) waves are breaking along the shore.(d) some birds are floating on the water.","2 (a) he is fishing at the shore.(b) he is holding a fishing rod.(c) he is getting on the boat.(d) he is reeling the fish in.","(a) a horse is resting by a tree.(b) a horse is entering a barn.(c) there's a car in the driveway.(d) there's a fence near a building.","5. (a) the man is having his hair cut.(b) the man is brushing back his hair.(c) the woman is examining the patient.(d) the woman is cutting a piece of paper.","1. (a) the crates are empty.(b) the vegetables are being weighed.(c) the goods are on display.(d) fruit is being put into plastic bags.","1 (a) a man is shaving his beard.(b) a man is taking off his glasses.(c) a man is removing his clothing.(0) a man is looking at his reflection.","(a) they're entering separate offices.(b) they're examining papers on a table.(c) the woman's hung her jacket on a chair.(d) the man's watching a presentation on a screen.","6. ;a) they're ascending a staircase.(b) they're passing people in the hallway.(c) they're riding the escalator to the next floor.(d) they're waiting for the elevator.","(a) he's putting away some tools.(b) he's trying on a pair of shoes.(c) he's adjusting his eyeglasses.(d) he's repairing a shoe.","(a) the crates are empty.(b) the vegetables are being weighed.(c) the goods are on display.(d) the bottles have been opened.","(a) a man is painting a picture.(b) a man is paying for a purchase.(c) a man is hanging up a photograph.(d) a man is adjusting a camera.","7. (a) the men are working outdoors.(b) the men are cutting down trees.(c) the men are replacing the windows.(d) the men are painting the building.","6. a. they're having a conversation*b. they're reading side by side c. they're writing in notebooks d. they're climbing the steps","6. (a) they are working on the roof.(b) they are sitting on the lawn.(c) they are looking for some tools.(d) they are trimming the grass.","(a) the man's placing some food in an oven.(b) the man's washing some dishes.(c) the man's handing a spoon to a customer.(d) the man's preparing a plate of food.","(a) some people are carrying suitcases(b) some people are wartmg m a lobby.(c) some people are putting on jackets.(d) some people are entering a hotel.","4. (a) he's dragging a bag.(b) he's filling a bag with some food.(c) he's crossing the road.(d) he's building a cement wall.","5 (a) a man is walking across a crosswalk.(b) a man is getting into a car.(c) a man is pushing a handcart.(d) a man is sweeping the street.","7 (a) a man is standing on a stepladder.(b) a man is hanging a painting on the wall.(c) a man is inspecting the wallpaper.(d) a man is changing a light bulb.","9. a. waves are crashing against the deck.b. tourists are swimming in a pool*c. people are gathering on some rocksd. stones are being lined up on a bench","4. a. she's turning on a light* b. she's sitting in front of a machinec. she's buying some equipmentd. she's trying on a jacket","5 (a) a man is being served.(b) a man is wearing a safety helmet.(c) a bike is leaning against the table.(d) a table is covered with a cloth.","7. > a) he is tanning in the swimming pool.(b) the dogs are running in the water.(c) he is playing with his dogs.(d) he is feeding his dogs.","he's examining a display case.(b) he's mixing some bread dough.(c) he's opening the oven door.(d) he's holding a long stick.","(a) the men are passing a plate of food.(8) the men are washing some dishes.(c) the men are exchanging money.(d) the men are cooking dinner.","(a) she's drinking from a fountain.(b) she's leaning forward to write something.(c) she's buttoning up her coat.(d) she's tying a knot in a scarf.","(a) she's hanging up curtains.(b) she's putting on a hat.(c) she's filling up a cup.(d) she's looking at a picture.","a plant is being trimmed.(b) some gardening tools are being sharpened.(c) a hole is being dug in the ground.(d) the man is washing a shovel.","(a) they're spreading out a net.(b) they're tying a boat to the dock.(c) they're fishing from the side of a boat.(d) they're folding up a tent.","5 (a) they're waving to the driver.(8) they're tapping on the windows.{c)they're lined up outdoors.(d) they're seated on the school bus.","(a) he's packing his luggage.(b) he's picking up his briefcase.(c) he's working on a laptop computer.(d) he's comparing two computers.","6 (a) the statue is mounted on a pedestal.(b) some people are riding horses.(c) the bricks are being laid.(d) the lamppost is being taken down.","(a) a worker's laying floor tiles.(b) a woman's wearing a long skirt.(c) people are hanging up some posters.(d) people are playing cards.","(a) a customer is purchasing a beverage.(b) the cashier is opening a cash register.(c) a customer is sipping from a coffee mug.(d) the cashier is bagging some items.","5. (a) she is crossing the train tracks.(b) she is boarding the train.(c) she is entering the station.(d) she is standing by the bench.","(a) she's tying her shoelaces.(b) she's holding a cup.(c) she's reading under an umbrella.(d) she's jogging through a park.","2. (a) the fountain is springing water into theair.(b) people are swimming in the pool.(c) water is flowing down the stream.(d) people are drinking water from the fountain.","5 (a) a boat is on the water.(b) the houses overlook the water.(c) the water is flowing over the rocks.(d) some boats are being rowed.","3. a) the men are lying on a bed.(b) the men have the same clothes on.(c) the men are wearing hats.(d) a man is lifting a bed.","3. (a) children are riding a merry-go-round.(b) children are at an amusement park.(c) children are writing a note.(d) children are smiling at each other.","she's talking on the phone.(b) she's installing some equipment.(c) she's gazing ahead of herself.(d) she's repairing a headset.","7 (a) a large pot is being washed.(b) they're shopping for vegetables.(c) a knife is being sharpened.(d) some food is being prepared.","6 (a) they are carrying a canoe.(b) they are paddling a boat.(c) they are walking along the coast.(d) they are putting on life vests.","(a) he's installing bookshelves.(b) he's storing his papers in boxes.(c) he's taking a volume from the shelf.(d) he's wrapping a book in paper.","10. (a) some boots are placed on a sidewalk.(b) a ship is floating beside a dock.(c) some passengers are boarding a ship.(d) ducks are swimming near a ship.","6 (a) the man is opening the car door.(b) the man is using a tool.(c) the man is polishing the vehicle.(d) the man is carrying a tire.","9.*a. the motorcycle has been parkedb. the motorcycle is being riddenc. a tire has been removed from the motorcycled. the seat of the motorcycle is being repaired","(a) a shelving unit is being installed.(b) a woman is bending down to read a label.(c) a stack of cups is covered in plastic packaging.(d) a woman is serving beverages in cups.","4.*a. the stairs have been carpetedb. the woman is going upstairs c. the railing has been removed d. the window is being cleaned","she's strolling through a park.(b) she's walking up the stairs.(c) she's using an elevator.(d) she's wearing a coat.","(a) a man is typing on a keyboard.(b) a man is reaching for a water bottle.(c) a man is putting on a necktie.(d) a man is talking on the phone.","2 (a) a woman is filling the bowl with water.(b) a woman is pouring something into the pan.(c) a woman is stirring vegetables while cooking.(d) a woman is watering some potted plants.","the man is exiting the laboratory.(b) the man is stacking glass containers.(c) the man is taking off his gloves.(d) the man has put on some goggles.","(a) she's carrying some books.(b) she's wiping the shelves.(c) she's reading a magazine.(d) she's folding her hands.","(a) they're on opposite sides of a transparentpartition.(b) they're inspecting a hole in the window pane.(c) the woman's taping a poster to the wall.(d) the man's showing the woman a laptopcomputer.","(a) they're walking on a path.(b) they're cutting the grass.(c) they're looking at their maps.(d) they're sitting in a circle.","8. (a) the men are repairing their boats.(b) the boats are being loaded with goods.(c) the boats are sinking.(d) the men are standing in their boats.","2. (a) the gifts are wrapped.(b) people are putting ribbons on the gifts.(c) the packages are marked for shipment.(d) the gifts are being handed out.","1. (a) she's turning on the light.(b) she's holding up a booklet.(c) she's speaking to the audience.(d) she's rearranging the bookshelf.","5 (a) they're giving a presentation.(b) they're shaking each other's hands.(c) they're seated in a row.(d) they're waving to a speaker.","a man is organizing a room.a man is doing a cleaning task.a man is emptying a trash can.a man is sitting on the curb.","8. (a) the vegetables are being weighed.(b) the goods have been arranged.(c) the items are being stocked.(d) the shelves are nearly empty.","10 (a) he is doing the dishes.(b) he is preparing some food.(c) he is slicing a pizza.(d) he is putting food on the tray.","a woman is making a pot of coffee.a woman is wearing a pair of gloves.(c) a woman is stacking dishes(d) a woman is carrying some trays.","(a) stones are rolling down a hill.(b) some jewelry is on display.(c) a man is climbing som e stairs.(d) a customer is trying on a necklace.","8. (a) the man is holding a public phone.(b) the man is inserting some coins.(c) the man is repairing the phone booth.(d) the man is using an atm.","1. a) the man is diving into the water.(b) the man is fishing from the railing.(c) the man is packing up his fishing gear.(d) the man is purchasing some fish.","4 (a) he is using a power tool.(b) he is gathering up the rope.(c) he is lighting a candle with a match.(d) he is cooking some food on a grill.","(a) the man is writing on a sheet of paper.(b) the man is pulling a drawer open.(c) the man is wrapping gifts.(d) the man is installing shelves.","2 (a) the man is pouring some liquid.(b) the woman is entering the laboratory.(c) the man is putting on gloves.(d) the woman is wearing eye protection.","(a) the woman is lowering a window shade.(b) the woman is sending a text message.(c) the woman is taking notes by hand.(d) the woman is browsing through somemagazines.","(a) she's stacking some dishes.(b) she's spreading out a tablecloth.(c) she's pouring a cup of tea.(d) she's setting down a plate of food.","2 (a) the man is pointing at a notebook.(b) they're typing on a keyboard.(c) the woman is purchasing a computer.(d) they're looking at a monitor.","she's using some lab equipment.(b) she's cleaning her glasses.(c) she's sorting some containers.(d) she's holding a watering can.","a cabin is reflected on the surface of thewater.(b) candles are burning on the table.(c) the chairs are unoccupied.(d) some firewood is being collected.","(a) they're taking off their glasses.(b) they're examining a document.(c) they're entering a restaurant.(d) they're leaning on a rail.","5. (a) he is relaxing on a bench.(b) he is moving a bench.(c) he is leaving a park.(d) he is sitting at a desk.","3 (a) the man is pointing at a doorway.(b) the woman is cleaning a device.(c) the man is adjusting his tie.(d) the woman is looking at the screen.","3.*a. some bags are on displayb. the closet has been emptiedc. the shelves are filled with boxesd. some clothes are lying on the floor","4. a. he's sorting papers into a pieb. he's straightening his tie* c. he's leaning over his deskd. he's opening a folder in front of him","6. (a) a man is fishing in a boat.(b) a man is holding a fishing rod.(c) a man is carrying a package under his arm.(d) a man is folding his arms.","a kitchen counter is being cleared.(b) some vegetables are being harvested.(c) a cutting board is being washed.(d) some food is being prepared.","(a) some men are packing their suitcases.(b) some men are touring a factory.(c) some men are waiting near a vehicle.(d) some men are storing luggage above their seats.","8. (a) he's working with some wood.(b) he's walking in the forest.(c) he's holding a toolbox.(d) he's measuring some wood.","4. (a) he is cutting some fruit.(b) he is rolling up his sleeves.(c) he is holding a plate.(d) he is throwing something away.","(a) they' re cleaning a desk.(b) they're shaking hands.(c) they're looking at a book.(d) they're moving a chair.","7 (a) she is fixing a microscope.(b) she is holding a pen in her right hand.(c) she is typing on a keyboard.(d) she is holding a microphone.","10. a. they're installing some light fixturesb. they're writing reports in a classroomc. they're adjusting a microphone on a stage*d. they're examining some laboratory equipment","(a) a band member is adjusting a microphone.(b) musicians have packed up their horns.(c) the men are polishing their instruments.(d) performers have assembled under a canopy.","1. a. he's talking on the telephoneb. he's drinking from a cup*c. he's typing on a laptopd. he's reading a newspaper","10. (a) there is a lone walker on a country road.(b) the land near the farm is fenced.(c) the hay is piled neatly on the ground.(d) the road curves into the distance.","1 (a) a woman is pulling over the car.(b) a woman is looking in a mirror.(c) a woman is exceeding the speed limit.(d) a woman is holding a steering wheel.","5 (a) she's stepping on some stones.(b) she's throwing rocks into the lake.(c) she's putting on a hat and gloves.(d) she's strolling along a path.","9. (a) the woman is pushing a bicycle.(b) the woman is sitting at her desk.(c) the gardener is trimming the bushes.(d) the bicycle is leaning against the bench.","6 (a) a woman is playing in a band.(b) a woman is performing indoors.(c) a woman is playing an instrument on her own.(d) a woman is entertaining customers.","9 (a) a woman is holding a plate.(b) a woman is standing underneath a picture.(c) a woman is painting on a canvas.(d) a woman is admiring some artwork.","(a) a truck is parked near an airplane.(b) a worker is changing a tire.(c) a truck is piled with luggage.(d) an airplane is taking off.","3. (a) they are discarding some trash.(b) they are standing near a garbage can.(c) they are filling containers.(d) they are greeting each other.","8 (a) plants are growing around the ruins.(b) the ground is partially shaded.(c) the crops are being planted in rows.(d) the field is being harvested.","(a) he has stepped onto a balcony.(b) he has climbed partway up a ladder.(c) he's securing a lantern to a pole.(d) he's passing under an archway.","2. (a) the contents of the containers are being poured.(b) a researcher is checking a sample.(c) the test tubes are being labeled.(d) various types of bottles are arranged.","7 (a) a man is feeding a cat.(b) a man is holding a plate.(c) a man is eating at a cafeteria.(d) a man is sitting in a rocking chair.","10. (a) the man is conducting an experiment.(b) the man is examining the report.(c) the man is working in the library.(d) the man is treating a patient.","(a) some pedestrians are shaded by an umbrella.(b) a mail carrier is emptying a mailbox.(c) a courtyard is filled with tourists.(d) some people are paving a walkway with bricks.","4. (a) the people are eating the donuts.(b) the deserts are on display.(c) the price tags are clearly visible.(d) some sweets are being sliced.","(a) some people are building benches.(b) some people are resting in a park.(c) some people are crossing the road.(d) some people are watching a race.","7 (a) he is riding the waves.(b) he is opening a book.(c) he is writing with a pen.(d) he is holding a bottle.","1 (a) he is typing on a keyboard.(b) he is staring at the monitor.(c) he is turning on the computer.(d) he is plugging in a laptop.","(a) one of the men is holding a mirror.(b) one of the men is buying a bottle of shampoo.(c) one of the men is wearing a wristwatch.(d) one of the men is washing his hair.","he's filling the car with gas.(b) he's dialing a phone number.(c) he's opening the vehicle's hood.(d) he's leaning over the engine.","3. (a) they are facing the same direction.(b) they are strolling on the sidewalk.(c) they are seated on a bench.(d) they are sitting under streetlights.","1 (a) she's reaching toward the grass.(b) she's looking up at an object.(c) she's putting on a cap.(d) she's smiling at a classmate.","5. a. they're meeting in a restaurantb. they're looking at the computer* c. they're examining a documentd. they're filling some forms","2 (a) she is eating under the parasol.(b) she is holding a utensil.(c) she is ordering a pizza.(d) she is sitting with her legs crossed.","4. a. she's opening a boxb. she's putting on bootsc. she's folding some paper* d. she's holding a book","2. (a) she is typing on a keyboard.(b) she is drinking from a cup.(c) she is concentrating on writing.(d) she is adjusting her glasses.","9. (a) they are assembling bookshelves.(b) they are reading.(c) they are opening some books.(d) they are listening to music.","7 (a) some people are fishing in a boat.(b) some people are watching fish.(c) some people are swimming in the river.(d) some people are standing in shallow water.","8 (a) she's taking some medicine.(b) she's putting on gloves.(c) she's washing the containers.(d) she's working in a laboratory.","(a) a man is putting up a tent.(b) a man is holding a piece of wood.(c) a man is changing a tire.(d) a man is clearing off a picnic table.","7. a. he's fishing from a boat*b. he's looking at a pile of fishc. he's eating from a dishd. he's standing on a scale","7 (a) a man is stepping onto a staircase.(b) a man is emptying a trash can.(c) a man is using public transportation.(d) a man is returning a bus ticket.","5. a. the women are in a parking lotb. the women are shopping for clothesc. the women are in a supermarketd. the women are paying for food","(a) airplanes are flying overhead.(b) a suitcase is being pulled down a hallway.(c) a man is passing by some windows.(d) a man is loading a cart.","(a) the table is covered with a cloth.(b) the chairs are unoccupied.(c) the carpet is being cleaned.(d) the sofa is outdoors.","(a) she's holding onto a railing.(b) she's walking along a street.(c) she's stepping onto a platform.(d) she's passing under a bridge.","(a) they're eating in a cafe.(b) they're cutting the grass.(c) they're setting up a tent.(d) they're sitting on the ground.","some windmills are being erected.(b) waves are crashing on the shore.(c) ducks are floating on the water.(d) a bridge passes over a waterway.","1. (a) he is riding his bicycle.(b) he is putting on a helmet.(c) he is fixing his bicycle.(d) he is stopped in traffic.","(a) the men are wearing work vests.(b) the men are installing a shelf.(c) the men are directing traffic.(d) the men are working outdoors.","6. (a) she's typing a document.(b) she's working at a desk.(c) she's using a printer.(d) she's holding a receiver.","4. (a) they're drawing a map.(b) the waste bins are being replaced.(c) a document is being examined.(d) they're both wearing hats.","2. (a) she is turning a knob.(b) she is painting the wall of the park.(c) she is using a brush.(d) she is painting a roof.","10. a. the baskets are empty* b. there are baked goods on shelvesc. the cabinets are being repairedd. they're buying some bread","10. (a) the waves are hitting the shore.(b) a boat has been pulled onto the beach.(c) the boats are floating near the pier.(d) the ducks are flying over the sea.","3.*a. a man is fishing from the shoreb. the beach is crowded with swimmers c. the fishermen are pulling in their nets d. the man is cooking a fish","6. a) the man is stacking wood.(b) the man is working with a forklift.(c) the man is driving a cart.(d) the man is delivering a presentation.","4. (a) the grass is being mowed.(b) the plants have been planted in rows.(c) the crops are being harvested.(d) the vegetables have been sold.","(a) some people are leaving a platform.(b) some people are setting up equipment.(c) some people are playing musical instruments.(d) some people are singing into microphones.","(a) she's opening some shoe boxes.(b) she's holding a shoe.(c) she's putting up a shelf.(d) she's carrying a handbag.","1. (a) a man is carrying a ladder.(b) a man is climbing up the steps.(c) a man is entering the building.(d) a man is picking up some tools.","a. he's looking at the engineb. he's reading a manualc. he's turning on the waterd. he's driving a car","3 (a) he is relaxing outdoors.(b) he is resting his chin on his hand.(c) he is putting on a wristwatch.(d) he is lying on the grass.","8. {a) he is turning on the television.(b) he is sitting on a stool.(c) he is sweeping the floor.(d) he is looking at a page.","7. (a) she's polishing the microscope.(b) she's combing her long straight hair.(c) she's using laboratory equipment.(d) she's putting on a laboratory coat.","(a) some tables are stacked in a pile.(b) the tables are being rearranged.(c) a cord is being plugged in.(d) the wall is being painted.","a. he's writing a letterb. he's reading a bookc. he's serving some food*d. he's holding a piece of paper","(a) they're lifting a desk.(b) they're opening a package.(c) they're carrying a box.(d) they're walking outside.","3. (a) people are throwing away some boxes.(b) people are handling boxes together.(c) people are opening packages.(d) people are exchanging files.","8 (a) they are participating in a competition.(b) they are moving down the slope.(c) they are climbing a mountain.(d) they are wearing backpacks.","1 (a) the woman is serving a meal.(b) the woman is picking some vegetables.(c) the woman is slicing some produce.(d) the woman is cleaning a cutting board.","1. (a) water is flowing over a bridge.(b) a bridge is suspended over a forest.(c) a hiker is kneeling by some trees.(d) a trail encircles a pond.","1. a. they're shaking handsb. they're waving to one anotherc. they're walking around a tree* d. they're walking side by side","(a) he's parking a car.(b) he's pushing a wheelbarrow.(0 he's putting air into a tire.(d) he's stacking boxes.","(a) they're hanging some photographs.(b) they're having a meeting.(c) they're setting their watches.(d) they're shaking hands.","(a) he's using headphones.(b) he's turning on a lamp.(c) he's hanging up a painting.(d) he's filing some papers.","7. a. a wooden fence is being repairedb. bushes line a walkwayc. a man is planting some seeds in a garden*d. a man is cutting a tree into pieces","a. a woman is arranging the shelves* b. a woman is standing at the boardc. a woman is watering a plantd. a woman is washing a window","(a) some hikers are climbing a hill.(b) a railing is being installed.(c) some people are purchasing shirts.(d) vendors are displaying their merchandise.","the woman is lighting some candles.(b) the woman is filling a vase with water.(c) the woman is arranging some flowers.(d) the woman is clearing the plates.","7. (a) they're helping some customers.(b) they're opening boxes.(c) they're shelving some books.(d) they're in a two-floor structure.","(a) the man is assisting a shopper.(b) the man is reaching for an item.(c) the man is folding up an apron.(d) the man is sharpening a tool.","(a) a woman is typing on a keyboard.(b) a woman is pointing to a document.(c) a woman is closing a binder.(d) a woman is drawing in a notebook.","3. a. a man's folding a napkinb.  a man's putting silverware on a platec. a man's holding a menu*d. a man's sitting in a restaurant","(a) he's picking up a bag.(b) he's cycling on a road.(c) he's climbing some rocks.(d) he's wearing a jacket.","2 (a) shrubs are growing along the trail.(b) the path leads to the mountain.(c) people are enjoying an outdoor activity.(d) the bicycles are being ridden along the shore.","(a) he's turning on a machine.(b) he's rolling up his sleeves.(c) he's holding an electrical cord.(d) he's folding his jacket.","3 (a) she is parking a bicycle.(b) she is wearing protective gear.(c) she is riding a bicycle through the forest.(d) she is paddling a boat.","2 (a) they are unfolding a map.(b) they are drawing a plan.(c) they are placing a document on the hood.(d) they are examining a map together.","8. a. the men are adjusting microphones*b. the men are playing musictogether c. the men are listening to a lecture d. the men are working in the garden","10. (a) the cook is serving chicken.(b) the man is cutting vegetables.(c) the man is looking at the food.(d) the cook is wearing a long-sleeved uniform.","7.*a. some people are sitting outsideb. some people are watching a movie c. some people are cutting the grass d. some people are planting trees","5 (a) a worker is wearing boots.(b) a worker is inspecting the engine.(c) a worker is going up a ladder.(d) a worker is driving a vehicle.","5. (a) the man is feeding a horse.(b) the man is building a fence.(c) the man is riding a horse.(d) the man is taking off his cowboy hat.","6.*a. the man is pushing a cartb. the man is taking a breakc. the man is leaving the stored. the man is closing the door","10. a. they're delivering a presentation* b. they're moving a piece of furniture c. they're adjusting a pull-down screen d. they're connecting a computer cable","4. a. they're displaying watches on a tableb. they're spreading a cloth on a table* c. a game's being played on a tabled. a table's been pushed against a door","(a) she's cooking at the stove.(b) she's arranging utensils in a drawer.(c) she's opening the oven.(d) she's holding some containers.","10 (a) a woman is putting on workout gear.(b) a woman is doing some exercises.(c) a woman is filling a water bottle.(d) a woman is drinking a beverage.","(a) they're sitting outdoors.(b) they're watering a garden.(c) they're cutting the grass.(d) they're moving some furniture.","(a) the man's looking at a notebook.(b) the man's moving a table.(c) the man's picking up a newspaper.(d) the man's buying a pen.","1. a) he is leaning against a tree.(b) he is sitting in a restaurant.(c) he is mowing the grass.(d) he is watering the lawn.","10. (a) she is strolling along the shore.(b) sand is being poured into the ground.(c) she is staring into the distance.(d) she is rushing into the sea.","1. (a) he is washing a cow.(b) he is petting the animal.(c) he is running around the barn.(d) he is going over the fence.","(a) they're working in a shop.(b) they're climbing some steps.(c) they're walking outdoors.(d) they're laying bricks.","3 (a) a cooking device is being cleaned.(b) a countertop is being wiped with a rag.(c) a kitchen is being decorated.(d) a pan is sitting on the stove's burner.","1. (a) she is cutting a piece of wood.(b) she is constructing an outdoor wall.(c) she is focusing on hammering a nail.(d) she is fixing the power cable.","6 (a) a man is cutting his hair.(b) a man is looking at hair clippers.(c) a man is having his hair trimmed.(d) a man is holding a comb.","1 (a) the sprinkler is spraying water onto thegrass.(b) the water is splashing the people.(c) the fountain is working.(d) the lawn is being mowed.","a. they're sitting on a benchb. they're lying on the grassc. they're riding their bicyclesd. they're swimming in the water","(a) metal bins are being emptied.(b) a vehicle is being cleaned.(c) a man is directing traffic.(d) a worker is sweeping the roadway.","5 (a) a dentist is checking a man's teeth.(b) a doctor is putting on some gloves.(c) a man is checking his pulse.(d) a patient is lying on his back.","2 ; (a) a woman is looking at a screen.{b) a woman is grabbing a book.(c) a woman is leaning against a bookcase.(d) a woman is assembling a shelf.","3. a) the man is moving down the slope.(b) the man is climbing a ladder.(c) the man is wearing a safety helmet.(d) the man is cutting the rope.","(a) the woman's assembling some shelving units.(b) the woman's arms are outstretched.(c) the woman's folding up a stepladder.(d) the woman's walking through a storage area.","(a) he's carrying a shopping basket.(b) he's eating some vegetables.(c) he's wearing a t-shirt.(d) he's picking up some flowers.","(a) she's jumping over a net.(b) she's holding a racket.(c) she's putting on her shoes.(d) she's kicking a ball.","(a) the people are eating the pies.(b) the desserts are on display.(c) the prices are clearly visible.(d) the pies are being sliced.","3 (a) she is posing for a picture.(b) she is holding a camera.(c) she is developing a photo.(d) she is admiring the waterfall.","6 (a) a woman is holding a leash.(b) a woman is feeding the dogs.(c) a woman is petting the animals.(d) a woman is walking the dogs on the beach.","7. (a) he's choosing an appliance.(b) he's cleaning some equipment.(c) he's pulling a suitcase.(d) he's facing a machine.","9. (a) they're cooking some food.(b) they're picking up some plates.(c) they're studying a menu.(d) they're enjoying a meal.","(a) she's opening a box.(b) she's pulling a cart.(c) she's cleaning a floor.(d) she's pushing a button.","(a) he's reaching into a bookcase.(b) he's lifting some furniture.(c) he's adjusting a wire.(d) he's cutting a hole in a piece of wood.","1 (a) a woman is applying some makeup.(b) a woman is getting a haircut.(c) a woman is entering a hair salon.(d) a woman is washing her hair.","(a) he's opening a briefcase.(b) he's wearing a hat.(c) he's piloting a plane.(d) he's sweeping the ground.","1. (a) he is clearing snow off the roof.(b) he is shoveling snow off the street.(c) he is digging a hole with a tool.(d) he is fixing the roof.","8 (a) they're exercising indoors.(b) they're facing opposite directions.(c) they're running around an athletic track.(d) they're dressed in formal clothing.","1. a. he's carrying a boxb. he's closing a cabinetc. he's cleaning a window* d. he's filing a document","(a) he's shopping at a store.(b) he's washing a pan.(c) he's cooking in a kitchen.(d) he's eating a sandwich.","(a) he's operating some factory machinery.(b) he's turning on a light switch(g) he's adjusting his face mask.(d) he's unplugging a power cord.","(a) he's choosing a tie.(b) he's arranging the chairs.(c) he's setting the table.(d) he's examining a document.","2 (a) he is mopping the floor.(b) he is lifting a suitcase.(c) he is bending over the bag.(d) he is unpacking a trunk.","6. a. they're building a fenceb. they're setting up chairsc. they're camping in tents*d. they're using umbrellas","10 (a) buildings overlook a waterway.(b) a statue stands on a pedestal.(c) a long railing is being constructed.(d) a sculpture is on display indoors.","(a) he's shoveling the snow.(b) he's riding on a sled.(c) he's zipping up his jacket.(d) he's wearing a hat.","3. *a. he's climbing into a truckb. he's entering a storec. he's getting on a traind. he's locking up a drawer","3. (a) he's handling a tool.(b) he's cutting grass.(c) he's building a bookshelf.(d) he's walking up to the roof.","(a) the man's holding a wallet.(8) the man's painting a picture.(c) the man's brushing his hair.(d) the man's sweeping with a broom.","she's typing on the keyboard.(b) she's turning on a computer monitor.(c) she's examining a seating chart.(d) she's sipping from a cup.","1. (a) a man is pushing a cart.(b) a man is guiding a stroller.(c) a man is walking a dog.(d) a man is strolling along the lake.","a. they're resting in a waiting areab. they're boarding an airplanec. they're waiting in lined. they're packing a suitcase","1 (a) a woman is holding a baby.(b) a woman is pushing a cart.(c) a woman is guiding a stroller.(d) a woman is riding in a carriage.","he's making a sandwich.(b) he's watching a tv program.(c) he's adjusting his necktie.(d) he's wearing a suit.","1 (a) she is purchasing a guitar.(b) she is adjusting a music stand.(c) she is singing into a microphone.(d) she is playing an instrument.","they're swimming in a lake.they're sleeping in a tent.they're setting up camping gear.they're hiking in the forest.","1. (a) the man is buying a pet.(b) the man is riding a horse.(c) the man is getting on the horse.(d) the man is grooming the animal.","he's examining a wall.(b) he's plugging in a tool.(c) he's choosing some wallpaper.(d) he's measuring some furniture.","4. a) they're digging a ditch.(b) they're cutting the tube into pieces.(c) they're working with the pipe.(d) they're measuring the pipe.","1. a. she's cooking a mealb. she's walking around a farm*c. she's shopping for foodd. she's eating a salad","(a) he's repairing a net.(b) he's folding a sail.(c) he's tying a boat to a pier.(d) he's holding onto a railing.","6. (a) boats are docked in a harbor.(b) swimmers are floating in a river.(c) hikers are climbing up a hill.(d) people are disembarking from a ferry.","1. (a) they're planting vegetables.(b) they're moving a truck.(c) they're digging in the sand.(d) they're watering plants.","(a) a man is sewing a suit.(b) a man is adjusting his glasses.(c) a man is buttoning his jacket.(d) a man is holding a tie.","(a) dresses are being sewn.(b) garments are being displayed.(c) customers are being helped.(d) clothing is being folded.","6. (a) she's turning toward the window.(b) she's facing a screen.(c) she's delivering the computer.(d) she's lifting a keyboard.","1 (a) he's trimming the bushes.(8) he's feeding a horse.{c) he's riding across the lawn.(d) he's lining up for a race.","(a) he's filing some folders.(b) he's holding a cardboard box.(c) he's stacking some magazines.(d) he's turning on a television.","2. a. he's holding a hatb. he's greeting someone* c. he's talking a bite of foodd. he's selling sandwiches","she's cutting a stem.she's preparing some food.she's washing dishes.she's cleaning a vase.","4. a. a man's building a fence* b. a man's washing a road with a hose c. a man's watering plants in a garden d. a man's sweeping the walkway","(a) she's washing her hands.(b) she's wearing gloves.(c) she's fixing her hair.(d) she's putting on her coat.","(a) people are watching fish.(b) people are fishing.(c) people are driving.(d) people are washing cars,","(a) a man's leaning against a bench.(b) a man's passing through a doorway.(c) a man's sweeping the pavement.(d) a man's pulling a cart.","a. she's taking a photographb. she's picking up a pencil* c. she's painting a pictured. she's turning a page","(a) they're fixing a tire.(b) they're planting some bushes.(c) they're strolling down a path.(d) they're riding a bicycle.","(a) he's watering the plants.(b) he's holding a rake.(c) he's digging a hole.(d) he's pouring a drink","a. she's tidying her roomb. she's brushing her teeth* c. she's sweeping the deckd. she's scrubbing the pots","test 10","test 3","test 1","test 1","test 3","test 10","test 2","test 2","test 1","test 3","test 3","test 1","test 1","test 1","test 3","test 10","test 1","test 10","test 2","test 1","test 2","test 2","test 2","test 2","test 3","test 2","test 2","test 2","test 1","test 10","test 1","test 1","test 2","test 2","test 4","test 6","test 7","test 6","test 6","test 6","test 6","test 6","test 6","test 6","test 9","test 10","test 9","test 9","test 10","test 6","test 9","test 7","test 7","test 8","test 8","test 8","test 9","test 8","test 8","test 8","test 8","test 7","test 8","test 7","test 7","test 7","test 7","test 8","test 7","test 9","test 9","test 5","test 9","test 4","test 4","test 4","test 5","test 4","test 3","test 3","test 4","test 10","test 10","test 3","test 3","test 3","test 3","test 4","test 4","test 5","test 9","test 6","test 5","test 4","test 5","test 5","test 5","test 5","test 4","test 5","test 4","test 5","test 4","test 5","test 5","eco 6","eco 7","eco 5","eco 3","1000 5t","eco 2","eco 4","1","eco 1","1","2018","2016","1200","1000 10t"]