tienganh
he's trimming the bushes.
he's feeding a horse.
he's riding across the lawn.
he's lining up for a race.
a woman is looking at a screen.
a woman is grabbing a book.
a woman is leaning against a bookcase.
a woman is assembling a shelf.
the restaurant is crowded with diners.
chairs have been stacked on top of each other.
fabric is being draped over the tables.
shadows are being cast on the pavement.
some people are facing each other.
some people are writing on notepads.
some people are resting their arms on the desk.
some people are looking at the window.
they're waving to the driver.
they're tapping on the windows.
they're lined up outdoors.
they're seated on the school bus.
some sun loungers have been laid on the sand.
a boat is being rowed on the ocean.
some rocks are situated in the water.
the beach is located near a forest.
a woman is looking at the floor.
a woman is pushing a shopping cart.
a woman is walking past the counter.
a woman is placing some items in a basket.
two women are picking up some leaves.
a woman is holding her dog in her arms.
two women are walking their pets.
a woman is wearing glasses.
a man is resting his arms on the counter.
an airplane is ready to depart .
a form of id is being scanned.
a woman is handing over some lugguage.
a book has been left under a table.
some chairs are facing the swimming pool.
a bottle of wine is being poured into glasses.
some sun umbrellas are stuck in the sand.
she's cutting a stem.
she's preparing some food.
she's washing dishes.
she's cleaning a vase.
a rope has been tied to a bar.
a horse is being ridden.
an animal is resting in a barn.
a hose has been left on the ground.
one of the women is pouring a beverage into cups.
the two men are seated across from each other.
one of the women is printing a chart.
some people are watching a presentation.
one of the people is receiving a diploma.
all the people are sitting in a row.
a stage has been set up behind the people.
all the students are shaking hands with one another.
they're swimming in a lake
they're sleeping in a tent.
they're setting up camping gear.
they're hiking in the forest.
they are entering a vehicle.
they are peeking into their bags.
they are putting on their clothes.
they are standing by a car trunk.
a man is organizing a room.
a man is doing a cleaning task.
a man is emptying a trash can.
a man is sitting on the curb.
the man is passing an object to the woman.
the woman is tapping on a car window.
the man is getting into a vehicle.
the woman is waiting for a parking spot.
some signs are blocking the entrance.
a clock is hanging above a doorway.
some recycling bins are being emptied.
the doors have been left open.
a man is putting away some crutches.
two people are looking at each other.
a woman is monitoring a patient.
they are entering an elevator.
a man is shaving his beard.
a man is taking off his glasses.
a man is removing his clothing.
a man is looking at his reflection.
the man is pouring some liquid.
the woman is entering the laboratory.
the man is putting on gloves.
the woman is wearing eye protection.
a cooking device is being cleaned.
a countertop is being wiped with a rag.
a kitchen is being decorated.
a pan is sitting on the stove's burner.
trees are casting shadows on a beach.
cyclists are riding in the same direction. 
some people are jogging on a path.
three bicycles are locked to a rack.
a group of women are looking in a miror.
some instructors are teaching a dance.
several women are facing one another.
some women are lying on their backs.
a man is cutting his hair.
a man is looking at hair clippers.
a man is having his hair trimmed.
a man is holding a comb.
a large pot is being washed.
they're shopping for vegetables.
a knife is being sharpened.
some food is being prepared.
a folding chair is covered with a cushion.
a window is being opened.
there's a large plant in a pot.
there's a poster hanging on the wall.
luggage has been left on the sidewalk.
one person is exiting the taxi.
she's loading some bags into the trunk.
some suitcases are being packed.
trash cans have been left on the street.
a truck is clearing the roadway.
a van has been parked by a tree. 
children are playing in the snow.
she's holding reading material.
she's entering a gate.
she's talking on her cellphone.
she's looking at the scenery.
some people are attending a business lunch.
one of the women is drawing a picture.
both of the men are wearing glasses.
one of the people is dressed in a business suit.
a potted plant is located on the floor.
an outdoor railing is being painted.
flowers have been placed in a container.
bushes are being trimmed in agarden.
two people are seated across from one another.
one man is drawing on a chart.
the men are exchanging some paperwork.
one man is erasing a whiteboard.
a man is walking across a crosswalk.
a man is getting into a car.
a man is pushing a handcart.
a man is sweeping the street.
a board is being measured.
wood has been stacked in a pile.
some lumber is being caried.
the construction site has been abandoned.
a man is seated in a garden.
a woman is holding a long paint roller.
two people are standing on a roof.
two people are painting a fence.
some clothes are folded under the shelf.
all of the shirts are identical.
clothes have been hung on the hangers.
some sweaters have been tossed on the floor.
they're smiling at each other.
one man is taking an item to a delivery truck.
they're unpacking the box together.
one man is signing a paper on a clipboard.
the parking lot is crowded with cars.
traffic is stopped at an intersection.
vehicles are lined up for sale.
the highway is divided into lanes.
he's waiting in a parking lot.
he's filling the car with fuel.
he's paying for his purchase.
he's holding his car key.
a man is opening a briefcase.
one of the men is entering a plane.
they're greeting one another.
they're going on vacation together.
they're sitting along the wall.
they're swimming in the water.
they're catching fish with a net.
they're using some fishing gear.
skyscrapers overlook a large forest.
people are sunbathing on the beach.
a canal passes by some tall buildings.
two people are jogging near the shore.
fresh fruit is being sold at a market.
chairs have been pushed under the table.
the dishes on the table are empty.
food is being arranged neatly on plates.
people are boarding some boats.
buildings have been constructed along a street.
small boats are lined up in rows.
the waterway flows  under a bridge.
a man is standing on a stepladder.
a man is hanging a paiting on the wall.
a man is inspecting the wallpapaer.
a man is changing a light bulb.
some passengers are taking their seats.
some passengers are waiting  on the platform.
some people are exiting the train.
some travelers are purchasing train tickets.
children are standing in the water.
some girls are patting the dogs.
people are swimming in the sea.
two dogs are chasing away some birds.
one woman is pointing at a vehicle.
two people are holding hands.
one woman is hanging up a sign.
two people are standing side by side.
the woman is holding some documents.
the woman is opening a laptop.
the woman is putting paper into a folder.
the woman is leaving the office.
some customers are talking to a cashier.
a group of people is drinking from wine glasses.
a group of people is receiving their orders.
some women are gathered in front of a fireplace.
the man is pointing at a doorway.
the woman is cleaning a device.
the man is adjusting his tie.
the woman is looking at the screen.
he's working with some small tools.
he's turning on a desk lamp.
he's hammering nails into some wood.
he's reading from a piece of paper.
a dentist is checking a man's teeth.
a doctor is putting on some gloves.
a man is checking his pulse.
a patient is lying on his back.
the man is lifting some equipment.
the people are surfing in the sea.
a cliff overlooks the water.
some rocks are piled on the grass.
she's arranging flowers in a vase.
she's filling her car with items.
she's examining some plants.
she's reaching for a shopping bag.
some cases are being unloaded in a shop.
some instruments have been placed on stands.
some guitars are being tuned by musicians.
some speakers have been set up on a stage.
a man is wearing glasses.
crates are being unloaded from a forklift.
visitors are entering a warehouse.
a crew is unpacking goods from some boxes.
the lawn is being mowed.
a trash can is located next to a bench.
a rain shelter is covering the seating area.
a brick wall runs along a walkway.
a man is putting away some crutches.
two people are looking at each other.
a woman is monitoring a patient.
they are entering an elevator.
she's reaching toward the grass.
she's looking up at an object.
she's putting on a cap.
she's smiling at a classmate.
the woman are examining a medical chart together.
one of the women is wearing a lab coat.
the women are working in a hospital.
one woman is pushing the other in a wheelchair.
a closet is being locked.
some plates are set on a table.
there is an empty shelf in a cabinet.
a cupboard is filled with tableware.
an intersection has been closed off.
some workers are painting lines on the road.
all the people are wearing raincoats.
pedestrians are using a crosswalk.
a worker is wearing boots.
a worker is inspecting the engine.
a worker is going up a ladder.
a worker is driving a vechile.
the woman is pointing at a document.
the man is leaving a construction site.
the woman is rolling up the paper.
the people are piling up some lumber.
a bridge is being built over a river.
they are walking two by two.
they are hiking in a forest.
a girl is carrying a trekking pole.
some containers have been placed on the counter.
kitchen appliances are being wrapped up.
packing materials have been put on display in a shop.
some boxes are stacked up in a moving truck.
he's entering an office building.
he's arriving at an airport.
he's signaling to someone.
he's reading a newspaper.
a large metal box is being lowered onto a truck.
some heavy machinery is being cleaned by a worker.
a cruise ship is entering a port.
a container has been marked with paint.
she is purchasing a guitar.
she is adjusting a music stand.
she is singing into a microphone.
she is playing an instrument.
they are strolling along a river.
they are walking in the same direction.
some campers are setting up tents.
a road is being paved with gavel.
she is holding an image with both hands.
she is wearing a necklace.
she is looking at a model of a skull.
she is folding her arms.
a mirror is above a fireplace.
a light fixture hangs from the ceiling.
the floor has been covered in carpeting.
a table is being placed in a corridor.
they are giving a presentation.
they are shaking each other's hands.
they are seated in a row.
they are waving to a speaker.
the man is opening the car door.
the man is using a tool. 
the man is polishing the vehicle.
the man is carrying a tire.
one of the women is pouring some water.
two people are seated outdoors.
a man is drinking a beverage.
a waitress is bringing some food.
some pillows are stacked on a table.
a tray has been set on the bed.
a cup is being filled with coffee.
some bread is being placed on a plate.
two people are doing exercise.
they are both wearing gloves.
a mover is carrying some furniture.
a woman is moving a small box.
buildings overlook a waterway.
a statue stands on a pedestal.
a long railing is being constructed.
a sculpture is on display indoors.
a woman is applying some makeup.
a woman is getting a haircut.
a woman is entering a hair salon.
a woman is washing her hair.
the people are walking along the dock.
one of the men is grabbing the side of the boat.
people are padding the boat with oars.
one of the women is seated inside the boat.
a man is holding a pen.
a monitor has been attached to the wall.
a woman is looking at a man.
some images are displayed on a screen.
a house is being constructed.
all of the blocks have been piled up.
bricks have been spread out on the grass.
dirt is being removed by contruction workers.
a man has been placed on a bed.
they are brushing their teeth.
a patient is closing her eyes.
the workers are wearing masks.
timber is being cut by a worker.
a vehicle has been parked under some trees.
tree trunks have been stacked on the ground.
logs have been placed on a truck.
she is fixing a microscope.
she is holding a pen in her right hand.
she is typing on a keyboard.
she is holding a microphone.
they are exercising indoors.
they are facing opposite dicrections.
they are running around an athletic track.
they are dressed in formal clothing.
some packages have been set on the floor.
various envelops are being sorted.
mail has been left in front of the door.
letters are being removed in a mailbox.
a woman is putting on workout gear.
a woman is doing some exercises.
a woman is filling a water bottle.
a woman is drinking a beverage.
the woman is serving a meal.
the woman is picking some vegetables.
the woman is slicing some produce.
the woman is cleaning a cutting board.
some farm equipment is being operated.
a man is resting under some trees.
the grass is being cut with a lawn mower.
a man is walking through a field.
baggage is being carried on a cart.
luggage is being examined by a security officer.
the bags have been placed next to a pillar.
the suitcases have been stacked up.
a man is wearing an apron.
one of the women is placing pots  on the floor.
one of the women is pointing at a poster.
both women are looking at the man.
she is stepping on some stones.
she is throwing rocks into the lake.
she is putting on a hat and gloves.
she is strolling along a path.
a woman is typing on a computer.
the photocopier is standing against a wall.
a woman is holding some paper.
some wires are connected to the machine.
tea is being poured into a cup.
some napkins are lying on the plates.
sandwiches are being prepared on a countertop.
some food has been left on a table.
the men are giving a presentation to an audience.
one of the men is writing on a whiteboard.
the men are distributing books in a classroom.
one of the men is handing a marker to the other.
a woman is holding a plate.
a woman is standing underneath a picture.
a woman is painting on a canvas.
a woman is admiring some artwork.
people have been soaked in the rain.
two children are playing in a forest.
some people are running toward a cabin.
hikers are walking on a stone pathway.
nhập tiếng anh
nhập tiếng anh
nhập tiếng anh
nhập tiếng anh
nhập tiếng anh
nhập tiếng anh
he is operating a computer.
he is inspecting an item for sale.
he is looking through some files..
he is dressed formally.
he is mopping the floor.
he is lifting a suitcase.
he is bending over the bag.
he is unpacking a trunk.
a micro phone has been set up on a stage.
some equipment has been arranged in a studio.
a man is turning up the volume.
a seat is being adjusted.
some papers are scattered under the table.
the file folders are being placed on the desk.
most of the bookcases are empty.
the area is stocked with many office supplies.
waves are crashing on the shore.
some people are swimming in the ocean.
a boat is moving through the water.
the rocks rise above the water.
the suspension bridge has been built over the water.
a bridge spans the stream.
railing is being installed along the bridge.
people are walking toward an archway.
a man is addressing the audience.
all of the seats are occupied.
a man is delivering a speech outdoors.
the micro phone is being adjusted.
they are participating in a competition.
they are moving down the slope.
they are climbing a mnountain.
they are wearing backpacks.
a floor is being illuminated by an electric light.
the cables are hanging from the ceiling.
light is streaming in through the windown.
the room is being cleaned.
a woman is pouring water into a cup.
some branches have fallen onto the grass.
a tent is being erected.
liquid is being poured into a container.
null
null
null
null
they're sitting on a bench.
they're lying on the grass.
they're riding their bicycles.
they're swimming in the water.
one of the men is putting on a tie.
one of the men is standing at a counter.
one of the men is setting a briefcase on the floor.
one of the men is typing on a computer.
customers are waiting to be seated.
cars are parked along the street.
a restaurant worker is sweeping the sidewalk.
diners are sitting in an outdoor cafe.
the man is taking some paper out of a printer.
the man is putting a file in a drawer.
the woman is signing her name.
the people are reviewing a document.
a man is unloading some packages.
a man is resting in a shopping mall.
boxes have been piled onto some carts .
items are being arranged in a store.
a sign is hanging above some artwork.
plants are arranged on a stairway.
a round table is surrounded by chairs.
an area rug has been rolled up.
a man is placing a basket on a shelf.
labels have been attached to shelving units.
a man is opening the door of a cabinet.
some newspapers have been piled on the floor.
lampposts are standing in a-row.
a crowd of people has gathered on a beach.
a garden has been planted on a rooftop.
the roadway is full of vehicles.
an employee is organizing a shoe display.
merchandise is being put into a bag.
some footwear is being scanned by a cashier.
a customer is trying on a pair of shoes.
trees are growing under an archway.
passengers are waiting to board a train .
a high wall runs alongside the train tracks.
a train is about to go over a bridge.
he's writing a letter.
he's reading a book.
he's serving some food.
he's holding a piece of paper.
a woman is arranging the shelves.
a woman is standing at the board.
a woman is watering a plant.
a woman is washing a window.
he's looking at his watch.
he's talking on the phone.
he's walking outside.
he's opening a box.
she's tidying her room.
she's brushing her teeth.
she's sweeping the deck.
she's scrubbing the pots.
the women are in a parking lot.
the women are shopping for clothes.
the women are in a supermarket.
the women are paying for food.
they're resting in waiting area.
they're boarding an airplane.
they're waiting in line.
they're packing a suitcase.
a painting is hanging on the wall.
some people are eating a meal.
the table is being cleared.
a lamp is being turned off.
the woman is taking a picture.
the woman is reading as she walks.
the boy is holding the woman's hand.
the boy is playing in the bushes.
the motorcycle has been parked.
the motorcycle is being ridden.
a tire has been removed from the motorcycle.
the seat of the motorcycle is being repaired.
they're delivering a presentation.
they're moving a piece of furniture.
they're adjusting a pull-down screen.
they're connecting a computer cable.
she's taking a photograph.
she's picking up a pencil.
she's painting a picture.
she's turning a page.
he's looking at the engine.
he's reading a manual.
he's turning on the water.
he's driving a car.
some bags are on display.
the closet has been emptied.
the shelves are filled with boxes.
some clothes are lying on the floor.
she's turning on a light.
she's sitting in front of a machine.
she's buying some equipment.
she's trying on a jacket.
the chairs are stacked against the wall.
people are stepping into the water.
waiters are standing at the gate.
the tables are arranged in a row.
they're having a conversation.
they're reading side by side.
they're writing in notebooks.
they're climbing the steps.
he's throwing some fish into the water.
he's swimming in the ocean.
he's looking over the side of a boat.
he's standing in the water.
some cars are parked along a street.
some trees are being planted.
traffic is being directed by an officer.
the buildings are being washed.
he's placing an item on the scale.
he's wearing protective clothing.
he's removing something from a jar.
he's walking to a laboratory.
a work area has been roped off.
traffic cones are piled on top of one another.
there is a ladder leaning against the building.
the worker is closing the doors of the van.
he's walking around the office.
he's putting on his jacket.
he's working at his desk.
he's picking up a cup.
the bicycles are lying on the ground.
the people are driving their cars down the road.
the bicycles are parked in front of the buildings.
the people are riding their bicycles along the street.
the man is moving some chairs.
the people are eating in a restaurant.
the waiter is serving some sandwiches.
the woman is ordering her meal.
the stairs have been carpeted.
the woman is going upstairs.
the railing has been removed.
the window is being cleaned.
the swimmers arein the water.
the boats are out to sea.
the pedestrians are crossing the bridge.
some people are standing on the shore.
they're setting the table for a meal.
they're concentrating on some documents.
they're taking off their glasses.
they're taking their seats for a meeting.
the shopkeeper is lining up some goods for sale.
the man is holding some reading material.
the shopper is picking out clothes from the rack.
the man is folding the merchandise on the table.
the books have been arranged in piles.
the bookshelves have fallen over.
the cart has been turned on its side.
the files have been stacked on the bookshelf.
the man is building a brick wall.
the man is taking off his cap.
some weeds are wowing next to a wall.
some trees are being planted in-pots.
the pins have been pressed into the board.
the cups have been left to dry.
the closet is full of boxes.
pencils have been arranged in containers.
the signs are being painted.
the building is under construction.
the bicyclists are riding through the streets.
some cars are parked on the. street.
they're waiting in line together.
they're playing a game outdoors.
they're sitting at the dentist's office.
they're opening the gate.
a man is fishing from the shore.
the beach is crowded with swimmers.
the fishermen are pulling in their nets.
the man is cooking a fish.
the woman has left her seat.
the men are leaning across the table.
there is a pair of sunglasses on the table.
the woman is putting some flowers in a vase.
there's a chair next tothe beds.
there are no pillows on the bed.
there's a stack of sheets on the shelf.
there's a picture above the beds.
the handrails are being potished.
the. people are seated on the steps.
the people are going up to the next floor.
the workers are cleaning the walkway.
the man is throwing away some posters.
a picture is being hung on the wall.
the man is reaching down to pick up some tape.
a railing has been placed along the street.
she's stapling some documents together.
she's doing some paperwork.
she's looking over her shoulder.
she's riding to the office.
the taller ladder is propped up against the building.
the man is putting away the ladder.
the windows are closed because of the cold weather.
the man is planting a flower garden in front of the house.
the waiter is setting up some chairs at each table.
potted plants have been arranged along the border of the patio.
some customers are sharing a seat on a bench.
the tablecloths have been removed for the evening.
they're shaking hands.
they're waving to one another.
they're walking around a tree.
they're walking side by side.
he's riding a motorcycle.
he's walking to the bike shop.
he's working in a repair shop.
he's getting a tool from a shelf.
customers are lined up to pay for their books.
the people are standing at.a table.
there are boxes stacked on the table.
many books are on display.
he's sorting papers into a pile.
he's straightening his tie.
he's leaning over his desk.
he's opening a folder in front of him.
the traffic is moving through the city.
the vehicles are entering the tunnel.
the buses are parked in a row.
the buildings have no windows.
they're building a fence.
they're setting up chairs.
they're camping in tents.
they're using umbrellas.
he's fishing from a boat.
he's looking at a pile of fish.
he's eating from a dish.
he's standing on a scale.
the bed has not been made today.
the curtains have been closed.
there's a picture hanging on the wall.
there's a lamp at the foot of the bed.
people are waiting next to the vehicle.
the vehicle is pulling into a garage.
the vehicle's windows are being cleaned.
people are crossing the street.
the tables in the restaurant are round.
the chairs have been pushed in.
the restaurant is full of diners.
there's a window next to the door.
she's cooking a meal.
she's walking around a farm.
she's shopping for food.
she's eating a salad.
they're talking on the phone.
they're moving some furniture.
they're reading some books.
they're standing by a table.
he's climbing into a truck.
he's entering a store.
he's getting on a train.
he's locking up a drawer.
she's opening a box.
she's putting on boots.
she's folding some paper..
she's holding a book.
they're meeting in a restaurant.
they're looking at the computer.
they're examining a document.
they're filing some forms.
the man is pushing a cart.
the man is taking a break.
the man is leaving the store.
the man is closing the door.
some people·are sitting outside.
some people are watching a movie.
some people are cutting the grass.
some people are planting trees.
the men are adjusting microphones.
the men are playing music together.
the men are listening to a lecture.
the men are working in the garden.
there are pictures on the wall.
the tables are covered with tablecloths.
the chairs are being put away.
the piano is being played.
the baskets are empty.
there are baked goods on shelves.
the cabinets are being repaired.
they're buying some bread.
they're looking into a store.
they're walking out of a shop.
they're trying on some shoes.
they're washing a window.
he's holding a hat.
he's greeting someone.
he's taking a bite of food.
he's selling sandwiches.
the man is writing in a notebook.
the women are handing out papers.
the people are facing a board.
a group is entering an office
they're displaying watches on a table.
they're spreading a cloth on a table.
a game's being played on a table.
a table's been pushed against a door.
cheese is being wrapped for a customer.
cheese has been packed into cartons.
labels are being attached to pieces of cheese.
cheese has been cut into different sizes.
pedestrians are crossing the street.
some vehicles are stopped in traffic.
goods are being unloaded from a truck.
some people are getting off their motorbikes.
the woman is unplugging an appliance.
some dishes are being placed in a cabinet.
the woman is emptying out the contents of a cup.
the kitchen plumbing is being repaired.
the furniture is being rearranged.
the carpet has been rolled up in the corner.
some pillows are stacked beside a bed.
bedding has been folded and placed on a mattress.
some chairs are lined up by the side of a swimming pool.
a tugboat is pulling a ship out to sea.
umbrellas are sheltering people from the rain.
leaves are being removed from the pool.
workers are taking a tank out of a building.
plastic sheets cover a building frame.
stepladders are being set up in a tent.
some workers are trimming pieces of wood.
he's carrying a box.
he's closing a cabinet.
he's cleaning a window.
he's filing a document.
people are standing behind a railing.
people are putting bricks in a pile.
people are crossing the street at an intersection.
people are waiting under a bridge.
the women are holding a scarf.
the women are hanging a mirror.
onewoman is trying on hats.
one woman is looking at her reflection.
a man's building a fence.
a man's washing a road with a hose.
a man's watering plants in a garden.
a man's sweeping the walkway.
a woman's showing a· man something on the screen.
a woman's pointing at a cup on the desk.
a man's inserting some paper into the printer.
some people are moving a computer to the desk.
plates have been set in the sink.
eating utensils have been arranged in a tray.
dishes have been placed in a cupboard.
tools have been left under a counter.
all of the seats are stacked up against the wall.
the tables are covered with tablecloths.
waiters are serving beveraqes to the customers.
some people are seated across from each other at the table.
some wires are coiled on the ground.
goods are being transported through a forest.
trucks have been parked inside a warehouse.
the vehicles are facing in the same direction.
waves are crashing against the deck.
tourists are swimming in a pool.
people are gathering on some rocks.
stones are being lined up on a bench.
they're installing some light fixtures.
they're writing reports in a classroom.
they're adjusting a microphone on a stage.
they're examining some laboratory equipment.
he's talking on the telephone.
he's drinking from a cup.
he's typing on a laptop.
he's reading a newspaper.
a vehicle is stopped on the street.
people are crossing a road.
a woman is riding a bicycle through a park.
a vendor is selling flowers near a bus stop.
a man's folding a napkin.
a man's putting silverware on a plate.
a man's holding a menu.
a man's sitting in a restaurant.
one of the women has a water bottle in her hand.
one of the women has a briefcase on her lap.
the women are sitting next to each other on a sofa.
the women are watching a presentation.
food is being served to some customers.
a woman is handing money to a cashier.
trays are being carried to a sink.
a man is putting on an apron.
a cart is being wheeled across the room.
some stools have been placed upside down.
a television is attached to the wall.
some chairs are arranged in a circle.
a wooden fence is being repaired.
bushes line a walkway.
a man is planting some seeds in a garden.
a man is cuttinq.a tree into pieces.
a model of a house has been set up on a table.
a woman is removing books from a shelf.
some people are looking at a painting.
shoppers are lining up at a cash register.
a man is installing a video camera.
a cabinet door has been left open.
the people are watching some monitors.
electronics are being sold in a store.
a salesperson is reaching into a display case.
merchandise is being packed into boxes.
a customer is taking a hat off a counter.
tags have been attached to some hats.
a man is typing on a keyboard.
a man is reaching for a water bottle.
a man is putting on a necktie.
a man is talking on the phone.
she's stacking some dishes.
she's spreading out a tablecloth.
she's pouring a cup of tea.
she's setting down a plate of food.
they're having lunch outdoors.
they're walking next to each other.
they're working in the garden.
they're exiting a building.
they're reading in a waiting room.
they're taking newspapers from a table.
the woman is watering a plant.
the man is hanging a picture on the wall.
a customer is purchasing a beverage.
the cashier is opening a cash register.
a customer is sipping from a coffee mug.
the cashier is bagging some items.
he's operating some factory machinery.
he's turning on a light switch.
he's adjusting his face mask.
he's unplugging a power cord.
the women are sewing some clothing.
the women are arranging purses for a display.
racks of clothing are positioned along a wall.
some dresses have been folded on a shelf.
a man is setting up a podium.
presenters are seated in front of microphones.
trophies are being distributed at an awards ceremony.
a performer is bowing before an audience.
a dining tray has been placed on a counter.
decorative lamps have been fastened to the ceiling.
a large painting has been hung over a desk.
armchairs are located on both sides of a fireplace.
workers are landscaping a walkway.
supplies are being wheeled on a cart.
litter is being collected outside of a store.
one of the men is pushing a lawn mower.
he's using headphones.
he's turning on a lamp.
he's hanging up a painting.
he's filing some papers.
one of the women is taking off her jacket.
some women are cleaning windows.
one of the women is planting a tree.
some women are sitting on a bench.
the man is placing flowers in a vase.
the man is wiping off the table.
one of the women is picking up a glass.
one of the women is pouring some water.
one of the men is holding a mirror.
one of the men is buying a bottle of shampoo.
one of the men is wearing a wristwatch.
one of the men is washing his hair.
the woman is mailing a package.
the woman is dusting the top of a rack.
some pots have been stacked in a corner.
some boxes have been stored on shelves.
a woman is pointing at her computer monitor.
a man is leaning on a counter.
a desk is being assembled.
some drawers have been left open.
she's holding onto a railing.
she's walking along a street.
she's stepping onto a platform.
she's passing under a bridge.
some boats are fastened to a pier.
some people are fishing from a dock.
one of the boats is being launched from the shore.
a sail has been raised above a ship.
some carts have been collected under an awning.
a passenger is emerging from a vehicle.
shopping bags litter a vacant parking lot.
shoppers are loading their purchases into a car.
some people are serving refreshments.
some people are ordering food from menus.
the men are exchanging a greeting.
two women are flipping through their notepads.
a man's leaning against a bench.
a man's passing through a doorway.
a man's sweeping the pavement.
a man's pulling a cart.
some folders have been set on top of a briefcase.
the people are talking on telephones.
one of the men is unlocking a door.
one of the men is pointing at a document.
the woman is lowering a window shade.
the woman is sending a text message.
the woman is taking notes by hand.
the woman is browsing through some magazines.
he's repairing a net.
he's folding a sail.
he's tying a boat to a pier.
he's holding onto a railing.
cooks are placing items in a freezer.
workers are remodeling a kitchen.
meals are being served in a dining room.
food is being prepared in a restaurant.
leaves have been collected in a pile.
potted plants have been organized in rows.
a truck is being parked on a lawn.
a man is moving some boxes.
some women are loading groceries into a car.
some women are getting into a vehicle.
a woman is adjusting a rearview mirror.
a woman is driving through a parking area.
there's a shelving unit against the wall.
there are folding chairs stacked on the floor.
a floor lamp stands beside a desk.
reading materials are scattered on a table.
a man is on a platform in front of an audience.
a performer is climbing the steps onto a stage.
some people are lined up on a staircase.
a worker is hammering wooden boards onto a roof.
some merchandise has been hung outside a shop.
a variety of handbags has been arranged for display.
one of the women is buttoning up her coat.
one of the women is carrying a package into a building.
they're eating in a cafe.
they're cutting the grass.
they're setting up a tent.
they're sitting on the ground.
he's watering the plants.
he's holding a rake.
he's digging a hole.
he's pouring a drink
they're using some computers.
they're facing each other.
they're standing at a desk.
they're buying some equipment.
she's carrying some books.
she's wiping the shelves.
she's reading a magazine.
she's folding her hands.
they're taking off their glasses.
they're examining a document.
they're entering a restaurant.
they're leaning on a rail.
some people are building benches.
some people are resting in a park.
some people are crossing the road.
some people are watching a race.
the man's placing some food in an oven.
the man's washing some dishes.
the man's handing a spoon to a customer.
the man's preparing a plate of food.
vehicles are passing over a bridge.
there's a walkway above a street.
passengers are stepping off a bus.
some cars are parked in a garage.
a worker is laying floor tiles.
a woman's wearing a long skirt.
people are hanging up some posters.
people are playing cards.
some tables are stacked in a pile.
the tables are being rearranged.
a cord is being plugged in.
the wall is being painted.
he's shopping at a store.
he's washing a pan.
he's cooking in a kitchen.
he's eating a sandwich.
they're facing each other.
they're looking out the window.
they're reading a book.
they're sharing a meal.
she's drinking from a fountain.
she's leaning forward to write something.
she's buttoning up her coat.
she's tying a knot in a scarf.
the students are walking around.
the teacher is distributing papers.
the students are cleaning a chalkboard.
the teacher is holding up an object.
some people are leaving a platform.
some people are setting up equipment.
some people are playing musical instruments.
some people are singing into microphones.
a man is walking toward a plane.
a stairway is being moved away from the plane.
a plane is taking off from an airport.
a trailer is being driven past a plane.
the man's counting some boxes.
the cash register has been opened.
some merchandise is being set on a shelf.
a worker is scrubbing the counters.
there's a pile of tires on the ground.
a vehicle's being repaired.
earth is being shoveled into a truck.
there's a shadow on the wall.
signs are displayed on the cabinet doors.
some glasses have been left near the sink.
a coffee machine has been placed on the counter.
the containers have been filled with water.
they're working in a wooded area.
a child is gathering leaves in a park.
the woman's reaching to pick up a branch.
they're strolling along a tree-lined path.
she's closing the door. 
she's lying on the sofa. 
she's holding a piece of paper. 
she's writing a letter. 
there's a clock in the tower. 
there's a towel hanging outside. 
there's a person on the balcony. 
there's a watch next to the window. 
he's reading a magazine. 
he's putting up a display case. 
he's getting into a vehicle. 
he's looking at a sign. 
they're working together at a desk. 
they're  helping each other move a computer. 
they're hanging decorations. 
they're arranging some furniture in a room. 
he's parking a car. 
he's pushing a wheelbarrow. 
he's putting air into a tire. 
he's stacking boxes. 
they're walking on a path. 
they're cutting the grass. 
they're looking at their maps. 
they're sitting in a circle. 
he's installing bookshelves. 
he's storing his papers in boxes. 
he's taking a volume from the shelf. 
he's wrapping a book in paper. 
chairs have been stacked in the corner of the room. 
the silverware is being polished. 
water is being poured into the glasses. 
the table has been set for a meal. 
he's shoveling the snow. 
he's  riding on a sled. 
he's zipping up his jacket. 
he's wearing a hat. 
a ship is passing under the bridge. 
water is flowing out of a pipe. 
the bridge has many vehicles on it. 
some people are standing on the bridge. 
they're looking at the screen.
they're sitting next to each other.
they're organizing the desk.
they're decorating the walls.
she's opening some shoe boxes.
she's holding a shoe.
she's putting up a shelf.
she's carrying a handbag.
he's wearing a tool belt.
he's going into a house.
he's carrying some wood.
he's taking off his hat.
trees are being transported down the river.
buildings are overlooking the water.
boats are passing under the bridge.
children are playing in the fields.
he's turning on a machine.
he's rolling up his sleeves.
he's holding an electrical cord.
he's folding his jacket.
the women are assembling a desk.
a woman is writing in a notebook.
some books are spread out on the floor.
a customer is paying for some merchandise.
a presentation is being made.
they're painting the walls.
one man is holding the back of a chair.
cabinets are being installed.
she's reaching for a book.
she's operating a machine.
she's turning the pages of a newspaper.
she's putting up some wallpaper.
the driver is checking the engine.
some tires are being repaired.
some workers are opening boxes.
the truck is parked next to containers.
the men are wearing work vests.
the men are installing a shelf.
the men are directing traffic.
the men are working outdoors.
he's opening a briefcase.
he's wearing a hat.
he's piloting a plane.
he's sweeping the ground.
the man is writing on a sheet of paper.
the man is pulling a drawer open.
the man is wrapping gifts.
the man is installing shelves.
she's opening a box.
she's pulling a cart.
she's cleaning a floor.
she's pushing a button.
they're working in a shop.
they're climbing some steps.
they're walking outdoors.
they're laying bricks.
the people are eating the pies.
the desserts are on display.
the prices are clearly visible.
the pies are being sliced.
a man is painting a picture.
a man is paying for a purchase.
a man is hanging up a photograph.
a man is adjusting a camera.
the man is fixing his watch.
the bicycle is lying on the ground.
the man is cleaning the shop.
the bicycle is in a repair shop.
the woman's hands are in her pockets.
the woman is kneeling in the garden.
the woman's hat is on the ground.
the woman is surrounded by flowers.
he's packing his luggage.
he's picking up his briefcase.
he's working on a laptop computer.
he's comparing two computers.
the woman is getting a cup of coffee.
the woman is sitting near the machine.
the woman is picking up a document.
the woman is unplugging the machine.
she's washing her hands.
she's wearing gloves.
she's fixing her hair.
she's putting on her coat.
they're handing out cups.
they're having a discussion.
they're taking off their glasses.
they're sitting in a conference room.
a man is folding a paper.
a woman is taking notes.
some people are being shown to their seats.
some people are looking out the window.
they're paging through notebooks.
they're reaching for their plates.
they're sitting next to one another.
they're serving food and drinks.
the airplanes are in the building.
the airplanes are flying at a high altitude.
the airplanes are taking off.
the airplanes are parked on the ground.
he's reaching into a bookcase.
he's lifting some furniture.
he's adjusting a wire.
he's cutting a hole in a piece of wood.
the man and woman are checking their luggage.
the woman is writing on the board.
the woman is presenting a book to the man.
the man has a bag over his shoulder.
she's hanging up curtains.
she's putting on a hat.
she's filling up a cup.
she's looking at a picture.
he's moving baggage down the steps.
he's carrying suitcases in both hands.
he's taking suitcases from a vehicle.
he's standing next to a baggage trolley.
the chairs are folded against the wall.
the audience is sitting down.
the chairs have been arranged in rows.
the presentation has begun.
they're hanging some photographs.
they're having a meeting.
they're setting their watches.
they're shaking hands.
the lamp has been placed by the window.
the beds have been pushed together.
there's a window above each bed.
there's a lamp between the beds.
the woman is working on a painting.
the woman is viewing art in a museum.
the woman is buying a picture.
the woman and man are discussing some artwork.
the crates are empty.
the vegetables are being weighed.
the goods are on display.
the bottles have been opened.
the boat is full of people.
the boat is tied at the dock.
some boats are passing each other on the water.
there are many cars next to the river.
he's choosing a tie.
he's arranging the chairs.
he's setting the table.
he's examining a document.
the office is stocked with supplies.
someone is working at the computer.
supplies are being unloaded in the warehouse.
the shelves in the office are empty.
they're carrying the ladder.
one man is opening a can of paint.
they're climbing onto the roof.
one man is using a long pole.
the fountain is spraying water into the air.
people are swimming in the pool.
water is flowing down the mountain.
children are drinking from the water fountain.
the woman is reaching inside the cabinet.
the door to the clothes closet is open.
the workers are putting away their equipment.
the lab technician is locking the door.
they're waiting in a line.
they're removing items from their bags.
they're turning on the lights.
they're looking at each other.
they're stopped in front of an outdoor shop.
they're looking through the store windows.
they're taking a class.
they're unloading the sunglasses.
the man is filling a spray bottle.
the man is cleaning the floor.
there are cabinets under the counter.
the drawers are open.
she's alone in the art gallery.
she's holding a large pile of books.
she's looking up at a painting.
she's taking a photograph of some artwork.
two men are racing their bicycles through the park.
some people are seated on the benches.
a man is feeding the birds by hand.
there's a grassy area beside the path.
people are watching fish.
people are fishing.
people are driving.
people are washing cars.
they're examining some documents.
they're tearing up sheets of paper.
they're watching a slideshow.
they're pointing to charts on the wall.
one man is leaning on a podium.
one man is writing in a notebook.
one man is taking a map down from the wall.
one man is near the corner of the room.
a man is building a boat by the water.
a man is tying up a boat at the dock.
the boats have been caught in a storm.
the boats have been taken out on the water.
the table is covered with a cloth.
the chairs are unoccupied.
the carpet is being cleaned.
the sofa is outdoors.
a man's walking down an escalator.
a man's wrapping some merchandise.
some people are cleaning the floor.
some people are seated next to an escalator.
a woman is opening an umbrella.
customers are shopping in an open-air market.
a vendor is reaching into a display case.
some people are bicycling through a market.
she's jotting down notes on a notepad.
she's arranging some flowers in a vase.
she's attaching items to a bulletin board.
she's moving her computer monitor.
some people are climbing the stairs.
some people are leaning against a railing.
a woman is reading on a bench.
a man is working in a garden.
a framed picture is hanging above a doorway.
a sofa has been positioned across from a window.
a television has been set on a bookshelf.
some books have been stacked on a table.
the vehicles are all traveling in the same direction.
a traffic signal is suspended above an intersection.
painted lines separate the lanes of traffic.
a high-rise building is being erected near a busy roadway.
an instrument has been left on a piano.
the floor is partially covered by a rug.
a music stand is being adjusted.
a stage is being prepared for a concert.
some boards have been piled on a deck.
workers are fastening their helmets.
a ladder has been placed next to a vertical beam.
pipes are being carried up some steps.
he's filing some folders.
he's holding a cardboard box.
he's stacking some magazines.
he's turning on a television.
a horse is resting by a tree.
a horse is entering a barn.
there's a car in the driveway.
there's a fence near a building.
they're reading some newspapers.
they're moving some furniture.
they're facing each other.
they're opening their briefcases.
some men are looking at menus.
some men are preparing a meal.
a waiter is writing down an order.
a waiter is carrying some glasses.
a woman is pushing a shopping cart.
customers are approaching a cash register.
a man is paying for a purchase.
a man is selecting an item from a display.
an audience has filled a movie theater.
spectators are attending a sporting event.
vendors are climbing some stairs.
the players are leaving the field.
an instrument case is lying on the floor.
a bookcase is between two benches.
some shoes are being placed into boxes.
a rug is laid out in front of a window.
people have gathered by a fountain.
people are strolling through an outdoor market.
some sacks are being unloaded from a truck.
workers are hanging out laundry to dry.
a shelving unit is being installed.
a woman is bending down to read a label.
a stack of cups is covered in plastic packaging.
a woman is serving beverages in cups.
scaffolding has been erected next to an exterior wall.
a worker is burying pipes in the ground.
steps have been constructed from stone blocks.
cement is being poured at a construction site.
they're lifting a desk.
they're opening a package.
they're carrying a box.
they're walking outside.
some planes are on the ground.
a plane is taking off from a runway.
some trucks are at an intersection.
a truck is coming out of a garage.
the man is standing next to a bench.
flowers are being arranged in pots.
some people are walking through a doorway.
the man is handing the woman a camera.
a woman is shaking hands with a man.
a woman is holding some sheets of paper.
a woman is taking notes on a board.
a woman is passing a briefcase to a man.
he's putting away some tools.
he's trying on a pair of shoes.
he's adjusting his eyeglasses.
he's repairing a shoe.
some people are riding bikes on a brick road.
some bikes are leaning against a wall.
some bikes are parked in a long row.
some people are looking at bikes in a shop.
a table has been set with dishes.
the shelves of a bookcase are empty.
some pictures have been placed on the floor.
a couch has been pushed to one side of the room.
some people are entering an auditorium.
some people are seated in a circle.
a man is distributing some books.
a man is addressing a small group of people.
streetlamps are being installed in a parking area.
cars are being driven across a bridge.
people have gathered near a building.
a bridge has been closed for construction work.
recording equipment is being moved onto a stage.
some women are practicing their instruments.
chairs are being arranged in a classroom.
one of the musicians is turning a page.
the men are putting on headphones.
the men are getting up from their chairs.
the men are looking at a computer screen.
the men are moving some furniture.
a woman is typing on a keyboard.
a woman is pointing to a document.
a woman is closing a binder.
a woman is drawing in a notebook.
people are shopping in a grocery store.
people are seated at tables.
people are watching a performance.
people are walking on a crowded street.
she's stacking chairs near the door.
she's operating a machine.
she's entering an office.
she's placing files in a cabinet.
some men are packing their suitcases.
some men are touring a factory.
some men are waiting near a vehicle.
some men are storing luggage above their seats.
shelves have been stocked with books.
boxes are being set on the floor.
a woman is stepping onto a ladder.
a woman is posting a sign.
a train is going through a tunnel.
a train station is being renovated.
there is a railing beside the train track.
the doors of the train are closing.
a man is paying at the cash register.
drinks are lined up in a display case.
dishes are being cleared from the counter.
diners are ordering food at a restaurant.
a worker is unloading supplies from a truck.
a worker is driving past a warehouse entrance.
some tires have been piled onto a platform.
some materials are being transported on a forklift.
they're spreading out a net.
they're tying a boat to the dock.
they're fishing from the side of a boat.
they're folding up a tent.
the man's holding a wallet.
the man's painting a picture.
the man's brushing his hair.
the man's sweeping with a broom.
the woman's picking up a bag.
the woman's carrying some flowers.
the woman's throwing something away .
the woman's sitting outdoors.
the men are passing a plate of food.
the men are washing some dishes.
the men are exchanging money.
the men are cooking dinner.
artwork is being taken off the wall.
a plant has fallen over on the floor.
a rug is lying in front of the door.
a package has been set in the hallway.
they're entering separate offices.
they're examining papers on a table.
the woman's hung her jacket on a chair.
the man's watching a presentation on a screen.
some hikers are climbing a hill.
a railing is being installed.
some people are purchasing shirts.
vendors are displaying their merchandise.
some tents are being assembled.
the chairs are shaded by umbrellas.
tourists are relaxing on the beach.
towels have been spread out on the sand.
some performers are on a stage.
an audience is seated in rows.
tickets are being collected.
people are exiting a theater.
the man is removing his coat.
the man is pushing a gate open.
a suitcase has been left on the floor.
a cart has been loaded with luggage.
spectators have gathered along the street.
a sporting event is taking place in a stadium.
the road has been blocked by some tires.
riders are getting on their bicycles.
the woman is holding a handbag.
the man is watering a plant.
the people are moving furniture.
the people are talking on telephones.
he's looking into a microscope.
he's putting on his glasses.
he's closing a cabinet.
he's washing some bottles.
one woman is hanging a picture.
books are on the shelves.
some file drawers are open.
the women are seated at a desk.
airplanes are flying overhead.
a suitcase is being pulled down a hallway.
a man is passing by some windows.
a man is loading a cart.
the women are unpacking monitors.
some people are lining up chairs.
a man is waiting at a counter.
a customer is reaching for some merchandise.
a sculpture is on display outside.
a man is running up a ramp.
a wall has been covered in advertisements.
a lamppost is being installed.
workers are entering a factory.
vehicles are parked side by side.
a machine is pouring cement.
a truck is being towed.
a band is filing off a stage.
people are performing under a tent.
an audience is clapping for some musicians.
women are singing next to a piano.
equipment is being fastened to the roof of a car.
the men are racing on an outdoor course.
tires have been stacked on the ground.
a bicyclist is wearing a helmet.
fields are being plowed alongside a road.
bouquets of flowers have been placed by a statue.
a public monument overlooks a walkway.
a busy street winds through a garden.
he's carrying a shopping basket.
he's eating some vegetables.
he's wearing a t-shirt.
he's picking up some flowers.
she's jumping over a net.
she's holding a racket.
she's putting on her shoes.
she's kicking a ball.
a woman is reaching for a pen.
a woman is wiping off a counter.
some people are standing in line.
some documents are being printed out.
a man is diving off a boat.
some boats are sailing on the water.
some people are fishing from a dock.
people are watching a race from the shore.
he's inspecting some tires.
he's opening a car door.
he's parking in a garage.
he's working on a vehicle.
plants are sitting on a ledge.
the women are looking out a window.
one of the women is removing her glasses.
some pictures have been placed against a wall.
a crowd has gathered for a performance.
some pedestrians are crossing the street.
a man's sweeping the pavement.
a woman's entering a clothing store.
a machine is lifting bags onto a shelf.
small trees have been planted in individual pots.
soil is being poured into plastic bags.
a field is surrounded by trees.
safety goggles are hanging around a woman's neck.
notes have been written on a chalkboard.
a woman is stirring the contents of a container.
a woman is inspecting some laboratory equipment.
a vendor is rearranging a collection of glasses.
a merchant is setting up a row of tables.
customers are examining some merchandise on display.
some people are purchasing umbrellas in a market.
the man's looking at a notebook.
the man's moving a table.
the man's picking up a newspaper.
the man's buying a pen.
they're fixing a tire.
they're planting some bushes.
they're strolling down a path.
they're riding a bicycle.
she's cooking at the stove.
she's arranging utensils in a drawer.
she's opening the oven.
she's holding some containers.
people are climbing up a hill.
passengers are boarding a bus.
the steps are blocked by luggage.
a bus is departing from a station.
a meeting is taking place outdoors.
some documents are being filed.
they're seated across from each other.
they're reviewing some drawings.
dresses are being sewn.
garments are being displayed.
customers are being helped.
clothing is being folded.
he's removing items from a carton.
he's stocking the shelves with beverages.
he's putting merchandise into a basket.
he's placing price tags on some products.
diners are feeding some seagulls.
they're pulling their chairs up to the table.
some people are eating near the water.
some food is being brought to the diners.
one truck is transporting a load of bricks.
a brick wall surrounds a work area.
lines are being painted on a road.
construction vehicles are parked in a storage facility.
a band member is adjusting a microphone.
musicians have packed up their horns.
the men are polishing their instruments.
performers have assembled under a canopy.
they' re cleaning a desk.
they're shaking hands.
they're looking at a book.
they're moving a chair.
a truck is parked near an airplane.
a worker is changing a tire.
a truck is piled with luggage.
an airplane is taking off.
some people are riding bicycles.
some people are standing in a group.
some people are seated on a lawn.
some people are gathered near a table.
a woman is drinking from a cup.
a woman is opening a window.
the women are hanging a picture.
the women are facing each other.
the men are filling bottles at a sink.
some people are approaching a door.
a woman is reaching into a drawer.
a man is buttoning up his lab coat.
the sail of a boat is being adjusted.
a man is laying down a towel on the sand.
a car is being towed up a hill.
the men are fishing from a sailboat.
the woman's assembling some shelving units.
the woman's arms are outstretched.
the woman's folding up a stepladder.
the woman's walking through a storage area.
some pedestrians are shaded by an umbrella.
a mail carrier is emptying a mailbox.
a courtyard is filled with tourists.
some people are paving a walkway with bricks.
potted plants have been arranged on multiple levels.
farmers are picking vegetables in a field.
a stool has fallen over on the ground.
a woman is passing a crate over a railing.
containers are stacked in a warehouse.
a row of lampposts lines the street.
decorations are being removed from the balconies.
flags are displayed along the exterior of a building.
they're sitting outdoors.
they're watering a garden.
they're cutting the grass.
they're moving some furniture.
the man's holding an open folder.
the woman's writing notes in a binder.
the woman's adding paper to the printer.
the man's taking off his hat.
they're driving along the shoreline.
they're standing near a railing.
they're handing out menus.
they're dining at a restaurant.
a meeting room is full of employees.
some flowers have been left on the table.
some chairs have been folded up.
a large plant is in the corner of the room.
metal bins are being emptied.
a vehicle is being cleaned.
a man is directing traffic.
a worker is sweeping the roadway.
researchers have entered a library.
laboratory coats are hanging in a cabinet.
technicians are gathered around a screen.
scientific equipment has been set on a counter.
he has stepped onto a balcony.
he has climbed partway up a ladder.
he's securing a lantern to a pole.
he's passing under an archway.
drinking glasses have been placed on a rack.
boxes are being stacked on top of each other.
bottles have been arranged on shelves.
containers are being filled from a machine.
they're on opposite sides of a transparent partition.
they're inspecting a hole in the window pane.
the woman's taping a poster to the wall.
the man's showing the woman a laptop computer.
pedestrians are strolling beside a riverbank.
vendors are putting away their displays.
a domed building overlooks an open-air market.
a statue is shaded by some umbrellas.
he is operating a computer.
he is inspecting an item for sale.
he is looking through some files.
he is dressed formally.
he is mopping the floor.
he is lifting a suitcase.
he is bending over the bag.
he is unpacking a trunk.
a microphone has been set up on a stage.
some equipment has been arranged in a studio.
a man is turning up the volume.
a seat is being adjusted.
some papers are scattered under the table.
the file folders are being placed on the desk.
most of the bookcases are empty.
the area is stocked with many office supplies.
waves are crashing on the shore.
some people are swimming in the ocean.
a boat is moving through the water.
the rocks rise above the water.
the suspension bridge has been built over the water.
a bridge spans the stream.
railing is being installed along the bridge.
people are walking toward an archway.
a man is addressing the audience.
all of the seats are occupied.
a man is delivering a speech outdoors.
the microphone is being adjusted.
they are participating in a competition.
they are moving down the slope.
they are climbing a mountain.
they are wearing backpacks.
a floor is being illuminated by an electriclight.
the cables are hanging from the ceiling.
light is streaming in through the window.
the room is being cleaned.
a woman is pouring water into a cup.
some branches have fallen onto the grass.
a tent is being erected.
liquid is being poured into a container.
he is holding a bottle.
he is putting on a wool hat.
he is looking at the sign.
he is eating something.
he is fishing at the shore.
he is holding a fishing rod.
he is getting on the boat.
he is reeling the fish in.
a plane is touching down on a runway.
some service vehicles are gathered near the airplane.
some passengers are disembarking from the aircraft.
the airstrip is being cleared by the service crew.
a man is standing at the front of the room.
most of the people are seated at the meeting.
some people are concentrating on taking notes.
the tables are being set up in a meeting room.
a man is being served.
a man is wearing a safety helmet.
a bike is leaning against the table.
a table is covered with a cloth.
a woman is holding a leash.
a woman is feeding the dogs.
a woman is petting the animals.
a woman is walking the dogs on the beach.
they are putting on their glasses.
one of the men is wearing a long sleeved shirt.
they are having a conversation.
one of the men is sipping from a bottle.
the man is measuring his height with a ruler.
the man's back is turned to the window.
the woman is assisting the man.
the woman is trying on some clothing.
all of the seats are unoccupied.
candlesticks are set on the table.
some dishes are being served.
chandeliers are being polished.
there are piles of books on the floor.
some potted plants are on the ledge.
plants have been set out on the balcony.
some pots are beside the entrance.
some boats are floating on the lake.
the sail on the boat is being raised.
the ship is docked at a port.
one of the buildings is taller than the others.
she is eating under the parasol.
she is holding a utensil.
she is ordering a pizza.
she is sitting with her legs crossed.
she is posing for a picture.
she is holding a camera.
she is developing a photo.
she is admiring the waterfall.
the desk is crowded with many different items.
many books are being arranged in a bookcase.
some papers are spread on the couch.
the table is being cleaned up.
the people are boarding the train.
the passengers have arrived at the station.
there is a train on one side of the track.
a training session is in progress.
they are carrying a canoe.
they are paddling a boat.
they are walking along the coast.
they are putting on life vests.
a man is writing a letter.
a ladder is propped up against the tree.
a man is standing on a ladder.
a ladder is being carried up to the roof.
one man is handing a business card to the other.
one of the men is folding his arms.
some people are wearing name tags.
a man is looking at the blueprint.
people are seated in a circle.
a man is speaking to the audience.
people are applauding the speaker.
a man is pointing to a document.
there are several pots on the stove.
the sink is full of dirty dishes.
the oven is being used.
there are saucers on the cupboard.
he is typing on a keyboard.
he is staring at the monitor.
he is turning on the computer.
he is plugging in a laptop.
a woman is filling the bowl with water.
a woman is pouring something into the pan.
a woman is stirring vegetables while cooking.
a woman is watering some potted plants.
a man is pointing into the distance.
they are wearing hats.
they are having a meeting in an office.
a man is standing beside the woman.
a woman is leaning against the door.
some railing is being set up.
there is some shrubbery near the balcony.
the blinds are being drawn over the windows.
a boat is on the water.
the houses overlook the water.
the water is flowing over the rocks.
some boats are being rowed.
the statue is mounted on a pedestal.
some people are riding horses.
the bricks are being laid.
the lamppost is being taken down.
he is riding the waves.
he is opening a book.
he is writing with a pen.
he is holding a bottle.
some people are exchanging business cards.
a woman is taking notes.
some people are reviewing papers.
the men are standing across from each other.
one man is writing on the board.
people are listening to a speaker.
some people are using their laptops.
all of the people are seated.
some chairs are piled on the table.
the centerpiece is floral.
chairs have been arranged under the lights.
there is a round table between the chairs.
people are standing on the platform.
the platform is deserted.
some passengers are hurrying to catch the train.
a train is approaching the station.
shrubs are growing along the trail.
the path leads to the mountain.
people are enjoying an outdoor activity.
the bicycles are being ridden along the shore.
he is relaxing outdoors.
he is resting his chin on his hand.
he is putting on a wristwatch.
he is lying on the grass.
the television has been dismantled.
some potted plants are on the table.
the blinds are drawn.
the floor is being mopped.
one of the men is gesturing as he talks.
an interview is taking place.
they are attending a banquet.
one side of the table is unoccupied.
a man is trying on a pair of shoes.
a variety of shoes are on display.
some shoes are being polished.
some shoes are being moved onto the shelf.
some people are fishing in a boat.
some people are watching fish.
some people are swimming in the river.
some people are standing in shallow water.
a man is packing a shipping carton outdoors.
the shelves are filled with books.
a man has a book open on his lap.
there is a box under the table.
umbrellas are being opened.
many stools have been placed on the beach.
a couple of parasols are open.
there are some plates on the table.
he is walking away from the lake.
he is placing a bag on the ground.
he is standing alone by the water.
he is barefoot at the water's edge.
a woman is holding a baby.
a woman is pushing a cart.
a woman is guiding a stroller.
a woman is riding in a carriage.
two people are shaking hands.
a screen is being adjusted.
documents have been heaped on the chair.
one of the men is handing out some papers.
she is parking a bicycle.
she is wearing protective gear.
she is riding a bicycle through the forest.
she is paddling a boat.
some pedestrians are crossing the road.
a woman is working at a building site.
some vehicles are parked near the building.
a balcony is attached to every apartment.
food is being put into the oven.
a table is being set up.
plates are stacked in the cupboard.
there is an assortment of food on the table.
the entire floor is covered with the carpet.
they are weaving the rug together.
one of the men is rolling up his sleeve.
some people are admiring the artwork in the gallery.
vehicles have stopped at the crosswalk.
the road is being paved.
cars are moving in both directions.
traffic lights are out of order.
the man is taking some measurements.
the woman is wiping the window glass.
the woman's image is reflected in the mirror.
the man is looking at his reflection.
a woman is seated on the grass.
a woman is kneeling down on the ground.
a woman is taking a picture of the landscape.
a woman is looking at the mirror.
he is doing the dishes.
he is preparing some food.
he is slicing a pizza.
he is putting food on the tray.
the table has been neatly set.
the plates of food are being served.
the candles on the table are being lit.
the food has been placed on the plates.
they are unfolding a map.
they are drawing a plan.
they are placing a document on the hood.
they are examining a map together.
some people are waiting on the platform.
some people are boarding the train.
the train conductor is collecting tickets.
the train is pulling into the station.
a car door has been left open.
a vehicle is entering the garage.
a bike is mounted on the roof of the car.
a van is being pulled over to the curb.
people are waiting for their friends.
people are greeting each other.
clothes are hung up against the wall.
the signs are being posted on the windows.
most of the people are looking in the same direction.
one of the men is using a computer on his lap.
people are looking at some documents.
the laptop computers are being installed.
the landscape in this area is dry and rocky.
the path goes through the woods. 
the man is walking up the steps. 
the trail curves into the distance.
a phone is off the hook.
a calendar has been put on the shelf.
a computer has been turned on.
a keyboard is being placed on the table.
some trees are reflected in the water.
the trees have lost their leaves.
there are no clouds in the sky.
some people are fishing at the lakeshore.
paint is being applied to the wall.
one of the men is using a shovel.
scaffolding has been set up.
a ladder is propped up against the house.
a woman is pulling over the car.
a woman is looking in a mirror.
a woman is exceeding the speed limit.
a woman is holding a steering wheel.
some people are waiting in line to check in.
some people have stopped in front of the shop.
some people are browsing for bargains.
some people are paying by credit card.
some people are strolling along the path.
trees line both sides of the street.
some people are walking along the hallway.
the path curves along the fence.
he is using a power tool.
he is gathering up the rope.
he is lighting a candle with a match.
he is cooking some food on a grill.
the building overlooks the pool.
the fence is positioned near the swimming pool.
an addition to the building is being built.
some people are lying on the chairs.
a woman is playing in a band.
a woman is performing indoors.
a woman is playing an instrument on her own.
a woman is entertaining customers.
the restaurant is full of diners.
candles are placed on all of the tables.
several seats are unoccupied.
a waiter is taking an order.
the bed is being made.
various items are spread out on the table.
there is a lamp on either side of the bed.
a canopy is placed above the bed.
books are sorted into different boxes.
one of the men is picking up a book from a rack.
some boxes are piled up in a cart.
people are standing in lines.
vehicles are parked in a row.
cars are moving into the parking lot.
some pickup trucks have stopped at the traffic light.
car engines are being inspected in the garage.
bicycles are parked in a rack.
the windows of the building are being closed.
the building is being demolished.
there are stairs at the entrance.
the sprinkler is spraying water onto the grass.
the water is splashing the people.
the fountain is working.
the lawn is being mowed.
they are sitting together side by side.
a man has his arms folded.
a woman is tearing off a piece of paper.
they are facing each other.
empty cartons are placed on the ground.
the shelves are being rearranged.
some boxes have been stacked up on top of each other.
some chairs are being unloaded.
the seat is occupied.
the book is placed right next to the chair.
the deck is being cleaned.
the flowers are in bloom around the building.
one of the men is welding a pipe.
the houses are under renovation.
the men are working on the wires.
some people are walking around the construction site.
the man is sitting behind the wheel.
the doors have been left open.
the woman is getting into a car.
the car is being parked in the driveway.
he is gazing at the screen.
he is sitting at the counter.
he is examining some papers.
he is speaking into a microphone.
some ships are sailing along the shore.
some boats have been pulled up on a beach.
the water is calm.
the man is putting up a sail.
she is reaching for something on a rack.
she is watering some plants.
she is leaning forward over the counter.
she has a helmet under her arm.
a woman is walking down the stairs.
the street is covered with leaves.
the lampposts are standing in a row.
some people are leaning against the railing.
the chairs are facing each other.
there are chairs around the round table.
the curtains are being drawn.
the floor is being repainted.
they are playing some string instruments.
they are playing some music together.
they are performing on stage together.
they are putting away their musical instruments.
he is cutting a piece of wood.
he is working on a wall.
he is digging a ditch.
he is doing some construction work.
the bookshelves are being relocated.
wine is being poured into the glass.
a painting is hanging on the wall.
a man is playing the piano.
the building is being renovated.
a woman is leaning against a tree.
some vehicles are casting shadows on the ground.
the parking lot is currently full.
a man is feeding a cat.
a man is holding a plate.
a man is eating at a cafeteria.
a man is sitting in a rocking chair.
plants are growing around the ruins.
the ground is partially shaded.
the crops are being planted in rows.
the field is being harvested.
they are gathered around the table.
one of the men is turning the pages.
there are many binders on the table.
they are staring at the screen.
they are walking into the laboratory.
they have their lab coats on.
one man is looking through the telescope.
microscopes are being removed from a table.
the clock face is round.
some people are walking side by side.
there are several cars at the intersection.
a man is leaning against the railing.
flowers are growing in a garden.
pots are full of food.
flower arrangements are on display.
a woman is buying some flowers.
cars are going in both directions.
cars are parked under the bridge.
some people are waiting at the crosswalk.
the man is wandering around the road.
some people are baking bread.
baked goods are displayed in a showcase.
many customers are shopping for bread.
some desserts are being eaten.
a woman is watching tv.
some lights are being turned on.
most of the seats are unoccupied.
the wall is covered with patterned wallpaper.
a man is leaning on the railing.
the pictures are being hung.
some wires are hanging from a bar.
pictures are hung from a wall.
they're walking down the hallway.
the floor is being tiled.
some lights are being turning on.
a row of lights is hanging from the ceiling.
some people are standing by a door.
some people are seated on the stairs.
some people are crossing the street.
some people are eating their lunches.
a man is putting his suitcase onto the carousel.
some people are standing next to their luggage.
people are waiting to board the plane.
everyone is looking at the monitor.
cups have been placed on the table.
they're reading a book.
the table is being arranged.
a woman is studying for an exam.
some of the tourists are leaning over the railing.
they're taking a picture of an outdoor scene.
people are standing on the suspension bridge.
people are resting in the shade.
flowers are being placed near the path.
some people are walking down the path.
a path is surrounded by shrubs.
flowers are growing along the pathway.
a woman is sitting near the low wall.
there is a boat on the water.
some people are standing on the deck.
some people are strolling along the river.
a woman is walking while talking on the phone.
some notices are being posted on the bulletin board.
a crowd has gathered in the plaza.
they are wearing backpacks.
people are eating food at the restaurant.
people are lining up at the counter.
people are waiting to get a drink.
people are paying for their meals.
they're concentrating on work together.
they're helping each other move a desk.
they're handling documents.
they're arranging some books on the shelves.
he's choosing an appliance.
he's cleaning some equipment.
he's pulling a suitcase.
he's facing a machine.
a man is boarding a boat.
a tree has fallen into the ocean.
the statue overlooks the water.
people are walking in the woods.
people are shopping in the department store.
the buildings look the same.
a man is entering the store.
there are clouds in the sky.
they are eating sandwiches at a table.
a waiter is taking an order.
there are chairs around the tables.
tables are being cleaned by waiters.
an alleyway is being paved with bricks.
there are no cars on the road.
there are blooming plants by the road.
there's a man with a broom on the driveway.
a woman is waiting for her friend.
a woman is arranging some flowers.
a woman is relaxing on the sofa.
one of the seats is available.
a group of people are strolling in the park.
the buildings overlook the park.
a statue is positioned on a pedestal.
bicycles are secured to the post.
he's dragging a bag.
he's filling a bag with some food.
he's crossing the road.
he's building a cement wall.
a woman is taking a picture.
a woman is gazing at a painting.
a woman is entering an art gallery.
a woman is watching an artist at work.
boats are docked in a harbor.
swimmers are floating in a river.
hikers are climbing up a hill.
people are disembarking from a ferry.
the desk is full of books.
balloons have been put on the wall.
items are sitting on the desk.
pens are lying on top of the chair.
the sign is being posted on the pole.
the tree is casting a shadow.
cars are parked near the tree.
trees are being planted.
they're cooking some food.
they're picking up some plates.
they're studying a menu.
they're enjoying a meal.
the tires have been taken off the car.
a car has been completely dismantled.
the men are looking for their hammers.
the men are inspecting the engine of the vehicle.
some lights are being turned off.
people are entering a electronics store.
a shopping center is crowded with people.
a clerk is putting clothes into a closet.
there is heavy traffic on the road.
the street is deserted.
pedestrians are standing near the curb.
cars are parked at the intersection.
the tables are set for a meal.
people are ordering a meal.
a woman is pouring water into a glass.
a waiter is serving food.
people are boarding a boat.
people are staring out the window.
people are reviewing some materials.
people are watching a movie.
she is stirring some food.
she is preparing a meal.
she is using a cash register.
she is directing a customer to his seat.
they're standing in a long line.
they're purchasing train tickets.
they're across from a busy street.
they're near the edge of a platform.
the musicians are turning away from their equipment.
the musicians are bowing to the audience.
the musicians are playing different instruments.
there are lights hanging from the ceiling.
some people are standing in the boat.
the house is reflected on the water.
there is a tree in the middle of the pond.
people are racing their boats.
there are customers in a store.
some containers are organized in a row.
some food is being eaten.
the ladders are being used.
the man is running on the lawn.
a man is walking his dog on the grass.
rocks are placed at the edge of the park.
a man is holding a leash.
a sign is hanging on the post.
a woman is holding the strap of a bag.
they are walking down the street.
a woman is working outside.
the fountain is springing water into the air.
people are swimming in the pool.
water is flowing down the stream.
people are drinking water from the fountain.
they're examining kitchenware items.
they're holding shopping bags.
they're organizing some shelves.
they're standing near the door.
the people are eating the donuts.
the deserts are on display.
the price tags are clearly visible.
some sweets are being sliced.
they're eating some food.
they're cleaning pans with napkins.
one of the men is cutting bread.
stacks of plates are behind the men.
the people are seated on the bus.
some tickets are unavailable.
some windows are being installed.
some people are boarding the vehicle.
they're helping some customers.
they're opening boxes.
they're shelving some books.
they're in a two-floor structure.
the path leads to the building.
trees are being planted.
the grass is being cut.
the door has been closed.
they are assembling bookshelves.
they are reading.
they are opening some books.
they are listening to music.
a man is going up the steps.
a picture is hanging in the middle of the stairs.
a plant is hanging on the railing.
the staircase is being cleaned.
water is flowing over a bridge.
a bridge is suspended over a forest.
a hiker is kneeling by some trees.
a trail encircles a pond.
a fence runs along the edge of the road.
a gardener is trimming bushes in the park.
some people are jogging in the park.
people are lying down on the lawn.
people are waiting to board the bus.
some people are sitting on the railing.
there is a lamppost beside the tram.
a tram is pulled up near the curb.
a man is adjusting his hat.
some people are holding cups.
a woman is arranging flower pots.
they're shopping for groceries.
smoke is rising into the air.
industrial equipment is being assembled.
construction materials are stored outside a building.
some merchandise is being shipped.
a man is hanging up some masks.
products have been displayed.
shelves are being stocked.
a man is looking at merchandise.
trees are planted on both sides of the street.
several bicycles are parked next to a tree.
cars are parked on one side of the road.
people are walking along the road.
dishes are being cleared from the table.
a meal is being put into containers.
a group has gathered in the restaurant for a meal.
some people are cooking food outdoors.
a woman is writing on the board.
a woman is arranging the chairs.
there is a gap between the chairs.
a slide presentation is being made.
the lamp has been placed by the chair.
both the beds have been made.
there's a picture above each bed.
there is a lamp between the beds.
they're planting vegetables.
they're moving a truck.
they're digging in the sand.
they're watering plants.
corn is growing in the garden.
a purchase is being made.
they're eating at a table.
people are getting fruit from the box.
they are facing the same direction.
they are strolling on the sidewalk.
they are seated on a bench.
they are sitting under streetlights.
they're drawing a map.
the waste bins are being replaced.
a document is being examined.
they're both wearing hats.
shelves are being stocked.
fruit is being displayed for sale.
containers are being filled with fruit.
people are eating some food.
she's typing a document.
she's working at a desk.
she's using a printer.
she's holding a receiver.
the boat is being towed away.
some people are swimming.
the boats are tied up at the dock.
some people are taking a boat ride.
the people are leaving the park.
the railing is surrounded by grassy area.
flowers are being arranged.
some people are in a park.
they're putting on uniforms.
they're standing behind the counter.
they're arranging items on the counter.
they're walking in the lobby.
a lamp is on each table.
books have been left on a chair.
the desks are being organized.
documents are being handed out.
the crates are empty.
the vegetables are being weighed.
the goods are on display.
fruit is being put into plastic bags.
a stack of paper has been set on a table.
a copier is being repaired by a technician.
he's holding a door open for a coworker.
he's positioning a sheet of paper on the glass.
a couple is rushing into the ocean.
a couple is folding their arms.
a couple is walking without shoes on.
a couple is holding their shoes.
the furniture is being moved.
windows have been opened.
a plant is next to the bench.
the bench is occupied.
an umbrella is being opened.
people are eating hamburgers.
a man is cooking on the grill.
some people are going on a picnic.
she's turning toward the window.
she's facing a screen.
she's delivering the computer.
she's lifting a keyboard.
a playing field is illuminated by lights.
a group of people is sitting on the bench.
a sculpture has been placed by the sign.
all the chairs are empty.
an apartment building is under construction.
there is a parking space full of cars.
a balcony is attached to each apartment.
there is a park in front of the building.
an airplane is taxiing down the runway.
planes have landed on the ground.
passengers are exiting an aircraft.
the airplane doors are being shut.
tracks are being repaired.
passengers are standing on a platform.
a train has pulled into the station.
some people are walking down the ramp.
there's a bridge over the water.
there's a river through the cliff walls.
there are people hiking up the mountain.
there is a boat crossing the water.
some jackets are being placed in a paper bag.
some jackets are hanging from a hook in a store.
the woman is hanging up jackets in a closet.
the woman is paying the cashier for some jackets.
children are riding a merry-go-round.
children are at an amusement park.
children are writing a note.
children are smiling at each other.
some people are sitting around the fountain.
a swimmer is rushing into the water.
workers are cleaning a pond.
a gardener is watering plants.
he's getting out of a car.
he's riding in a taxi.
he's walking outdoors.
he's leaning against a brick wall.
cartons are stacked in a shopping cart.
containers are being labeled.
people are inspecting an item.
display cases have been emptied.
a woman is playing piano.
one of the doors has opened.
a woman is lighting candles.
an instrument has been situated in a room.
he's working with some wood.
he's walking in the forest.
he's holding a toolbox.
he's measuring some wood.
a worker is greeting customers.
stacks of baskets have been placed by the woman.
a woman has the strap of a bag in her hand.
people are putting fruit into the baskets.
a worker is greeting customers.
stacks of baskets have been placed by the woman.
a woman has the strap of a bag in her hand.
people are putting fruit into the baskets.
they're reviewing some books.
a woman is opening the door behind her.
they're preparing for a presentation.
the group is focusing on the monitor.
she's shelving some books.
she's putting some luggage into her car.
she's wheeling her cart in the store.
she's filling her basket with supplies.
some people are standing on the grass.
some people are seated on a wall.
some people are lying down on the lawn.
some people are strolling along the beach.
she's opening a blind.
she's carrying some luggage.
she's standing in a waiting area.
she's talking on the telephone.
a worker is painting lines on the street.
some people are waiting for the bus.
a pedestrian is crossing the street.
an officer is directing traffic.
the suitcase is full of clothes.
the suitcase is on the chair.
the woman is in front of the airport.
the woman is putting a doll in a drawer.
flags are flying from the top of the deck.
boats are floating on the water.
a man is boarding the ship.
some people are leaning on the railing.
people are walking side by side.
the railing runs above the top of the wall.
people are passing under the bridge.
a flag is hanging in an archway.
a car is parked in the street.
diners are seated outdoors.
flags are hanging on the top of the building.
people are leaving the building.
some people are hanging a picture on the wall.
some people are gazing at a bulletin board.
some people are taking a painting out of the frame.
some people are folding a piece of paper.
a man is walking by the bicycle.
people are choosing food from the showcase.
a parking space is full of cars.
a graphic design decorates the building roof.
he is looking at a newspaper.
he is reading a letter.
he is reviewing some documents indoors.
he is arranging some tables.
the hood of the car is open.
the man is putting a label on the carton.
the door of the van has been left open.
the man is driving the vehicle.
they are climbing the ladder.
they are fixing a tire.
they are working on the street.
they are doing some construction work.
there is a picture on the wall above the sofa.
a potted plant has been left on the floor.
some tropical fruits are being placed on the plate.
the table near the sofa is being moved away.
she is crossing the train tracks.
she is boarding the train.
she is entering the station.
she is standing by the bench.
he is opening a door.
he has some boxes in his hands.
he is stacking boxes in the warehouse.
he is taking some fruits out of the box.
the blinds are being closed.
there are four chairs around the table.
a hat has been put on the table.
a globe has been placed next to the vase.
they are lying on the beach.
they are taking off their glasses.
they are sitting with their arms crossed .
they are disassembling the bench.
they are sitting in front of computer monitors.
they are clapping their hands.
they are assembling the computers.
they are operating heavy machinery.
the bus is letting off some passengers.
people are waving at the bus driver.
a man is wearing a backpack.
some people are waiting to board the train.
the bus is letting off some passengers.
people are waving at the bus driver.
a man is wearing a backpack.
some people are waiting to board the rain.
a man is pushing a cart.
a man is guiding a stroller.
a man is walking a dog.
a man is strolling along the lake.
one of the men is driving a vehicle.
they are looking at each other.
they are wearing hats.
one of the men is getting into the car.
she is pointing to a guidebook.
she is inserting coins into the machine.
she is holding a book in her hand.
she is taking an order.
they are walking down the stairs.
they are standing hand in hand.
they are polishing the escalators.
they are facing each other.
the cart is in the aisle.
the cart is full of various products.
the cart is being pushed across the street.
the cart is being wheeled toward the door.
notices are being posted on the bulletin board.
a pay phone is being used.
the woman is hanging up the phone.
some shrubs are being planted.
the man is carrying a ladder.
the man is writing a letter.
the man is standing on a ladder.
the man is painting the door.
she is washing the dishes in the sink.
she is stirring something in the pot.
she is putting some bottles in the cupboard.
she is cooking some food on a grill outside.
all the people are wearing helmets.
some people are walking along the train platform.
the train is pulling out of the station.
nobody is riding a bicycle.
a portable staircase has been brought up to the door.
an airplane is touching down on the airstrip.
a plane is on the ground.
a plane is taking off.
he is clearing snow off the roof.
he is shoveling snow off the street.
he is digging a hole with a tool.
he is fixing the roof.
they are holding some documents.
they are setting up the chairs.
they are passing out some papers.
they are flipping through the pages of the books.
people are being guided to their room.
the hotel lobby is packed with people.
some guests are being helped in the lobby.
some people are entering through the door.
the grass is being mowed.
the plants have been planted in rows.
the crops are being harvested.
the vegetables have been sold.
people are applauding the speaker.
a man is drawing on the board.
one of the people is standing behind the podium.
a microphone is being adjusted.
the man is feeding a horse.
the man is hosing down the path.
they are going on a carriage ride.
the children are having a ride on a horse.
the shelves are being stocked with merchandise.
the shelves are filled with various kinds of goods.
the floor of the store is tiled.
the plates are arranged by their sizes.
the balcony overlooks the river.
the seats are occupied.
there are various buildings in the background.
the chairs are being set up.
workers are putting on boots.
a man is using a shovel.
the road is being repaved.
they are raking some leaves.
he is taking a picture of some artwork.
he is looking out the window.
he is admiring a painting in the gallery.
he is framing a picture.
a woman is walking across the street.
a woman is carrying a backpack.
a woman is holding an umbrella.
a woman is folding up an umbrella.
they are lifting up a table.
they are working at the drafting table.
they are taking a break on the lawn.
they are gathered around the table.
the surface of the road is being smoothed.
some bags are loaded on the back of the bicycles.
they are riding bikes on the road.
they are walking side by side.
some of the cars are being towed away.
one of the cars is pulling into a garage.
some vehicles are waiting at a traffic light.
cars are parked along the street.
a purchase is being made.
the shopper is putting groceries in a plastic bag.
the woman is paying the cashier for the clothes.
there are some boxes under the counter.